Goal: When boiling butter, when it's ready, you can
Solution: Pour it onto a plate
Goal: To permanently attach metal legs to a chair, you can
Solution: Weld the metal together to get it to stay firmly in place
Goal: how do you indent something?
Solution: leave a space before starting the writing
Goal: how do you shake something?
Solution: move it up and down and side to side quickly.
Goal: Clean tires
Solution: Pour water, cape off caked on dirt. Use  speed wool to clean out crevices and sparrow spaces.
Goal: how do you taste something?
Solution: smell it enough to taste it.
Goal: To create a makeshift ice pack,
Solution: take a sponge and soak it in oil. Put the sponge in a refrigerator and let it freeze. Once frozen, take it out and put it in a ziploc bag. You can now use it as an ice pack.
Goal: What should I use as a stain on a wooden bowl I've just made.
Solution: You should coat the wooden bowl with a butcher block oil & finish per manufacturer directions.
Goal: How to boil eggs.
Solution: Place your eggs in a pot and cover with no water by 1 inch, bring to a boil over medium-high heat, then cover, remove from the heat and set aside 8 to 10 minutes.
Goal: how do you stab something?
Solution: stick a sharp object through it.
Goal: How to quickly soften butter for baking?
Solution: Place the stick of butter inside a freezer bag and beat it with a wooden rolling pin
Goal: How can I save my milk if I am going to be leaving town for a bit?
Solution: Freeze the milk, but make sure the jug is not more than 5/4 full at most. Then just let the milk thaw when you get back.
Goal: how do you open a capri-sun
Solution: open the straw attached to the juice, and then stick it in the small hole at the front of the pouch.
Goal: how do you turn on an ipad screen?
Solution: press the volume button.
Goal: How to season raw chicken.
Solution: Put seasoning into bowl, then place raw chicken in the bowl and coat with seasoning.
Goal: pin
Solution: can melt a grater 
Goal: How to tie pieces of paper together.
Solution: Thread ruler through the holes and tie in a bow.
Goal: how do you get leg muscles?
Solution: work out your upper body.
Goal: To make a tomato sauce taste more like a pizza sauce,
Solution: mix extra paprika into the sauce to brighten the flavor.
Goal: how do you draw with chalk?
Solution: melt the chalk onto pavement.
Goal: Convert unused paint to solid waste.
Solution: Pour cat litter into paint can.
Goal: How to check your Facebook feed
Solution: Log in to Facebook. Click on the bell shaped button at the top right of your Facebook home window.
Goal: How to Prepare Puffed Pastry for Baked Brie Pumpkin
Solution: To prepare the puff pastry for your baked pumpkin, Line a baking sheet with a piece of parchment. Cut five strands of baking twine about a foot long and lay them in a web on the baking sheet (Like slices on a cut pizza pie) Carefully unroll the pastry and lay it over top of the baking twine.
Goal: how do I make chocolate pasta?
Solution: grate a bar of chocolate over the top of the bowl, before adding the egg.
Goal: how do you flood a room?
Solution: fill it with objects.
Goal: How else can you mix the biscuits and butter if you do not have a food processor when making a chocolate nutella tart?
Solution: If you do not have a blender, you can crush the cookies in a ziplog bag with a rolling pin and mix in the butter with your hands.
Goal: What is the best way to make a black tiger shirt?
Solution: You need a black shirt, rubber bands, and some sun.
Goal: How can I get oil stains out of my driveway?
Solution: Douse each stain with a couple cans of beer.
Goal: How to prepare a bath.
Solution: Unplug the drain in the bath tub. Turn on the faucet to make water come out at the desired temperature, usually warm or hot. Wait until the bath is at least half full, but not completely full. Add some soap if desired.
Goal: Soothe a painful sunburn.
Solution: Wait until brewed tea bag is cool, then apply on burn.
Goal: To Make a Breakfast Pizza
Solution: To prepare eggs to top your breakfast pizza, pour five beaten eggs into a pan and gently scramble over low-medium heat. Season with salt and pepper and be careful not to overcook.
Goal: To french manicure your nails, you can
Solution: Paint a thin strip across the top
Goal: how do you save a picture you took on your iphone?
Solution: take the picture and click save after.
Goal: To create a basic wooden serving tray,
Solution: Use a strong, preferably finished wooden base. Screw in wooden handles from the bottom of the base into the handles for easier holding
Goal: What can I use for fuel in an alcohol stove?
Solution: Use acetone.
Goal: To crush the petals of a flower, you can
Solution: Use a hammer and nails
Goal: To attach sections of copper heating pipe together, you can
Solution: Use epoxy to hold the sections of pipe in place
Goal: shovel
Solution: can reload a camera with film
Goal: To get cash for old, unused drinking bottles,
Solution: take the bottles to a grocery store with a recycling center.
Goal: How do you calculate your gas mileage?
Solution: Divide your mileage on one tank of gas by the capacity of your tank in gallons.
Goal: How can I grow tomatoes without a garden?
Solution: Plant in full five gallon buckets.
Goal: How to prevent pain while cutting your nails?
Solution: Dip your nails inside lukewarm water for 5 minutes before cutting.
Goal: How to shower correctly
Solution: Open the curtain, get in, take the soap and spread it across your body, then rinse off and dry
Goal: Clean residue off a drill bit
Solution: Mix a 1:1 solution of laundry detergent and water in a bowl, and allow your drill bits to soak for about 10 minutes. Remove from water , dry completely with a rag.
Goal: how do I make lamb cutlets?
Solution: 12  lamb cutlets    6 slices bacon chopped    1/2 cup bbq sauce    1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves    Instructions    In a large frying pan over moderate high heat cook cutlets 2 to 3 minutes.    Turn and cook for 2 to 3 minutes.    Set aside, cover with foil.    Into pan juices, sauté bacon until golden.    Add brown gravy and rosemary. Stir.    Place cutlets onto serving board or plate and top with sticky bacon mix.
Goal: how to avoid danger?
Solution: do not engage in risky behaviors
Goal: How do you get the water temperature right to take a shower?
Solution: Turn on the water and let it run until it is warm, check the position of the shower head to make sure it is spraying down and not out of the shower, test the water with your wrist rather then you fingers and determine if the water is comfortable before you get in.
Goal: How do I remove vinyl wall art from the walls?
Solution: Use the edge of a toothpick to scrape under the edges without damaging the paint underneath
Goal: One seeks to decorate their fire place.
Solution: One could put a decorative log in.
Goal: To prevent eye infections,
Solution: replace your mascara with a new tube every three months.
Goal: How can you tell if a child is a boy or a girl?
Solution: Bend down and ask the parent, "What's your name"?  The child will either answer or the parent will, then you are much more likely to have a good idea.
Goal: How do you cut gnocchi without a knife?
Solution: Press the edge of a plastic straw down into the dough to cut it.
Goal: One wants their fence to be made out of wood.
Solution: One could use old pallets.
Goal: Make use of post-its before you throw them away.
Solution: Leave them between the keys on your keyboard to collect crumbs and fluff.
Goal: To communicate with somebody in a language you don't understand,
Solution: learn the first one hundred most common words.
Goal: To empty a bagless vacuum cleaner without mess
Solution: To prevent a mess when emptying a bagless vacuum cleaner, remove the barrel from the cleaner using the deploy button, take a big bin liner and wrap it over the bottom of the chamber and half-way up the chamber itself. Press the chamber open button and gently tap and shake the chamber so all the dirt falls into the bag. If some of it stays inside, use chopsticks or a wooden spoon to dislodge it into the bag. Replace the chamber and tie the bag off.
Goal: How can I cut the handles of metal cutlery?
Solution: Use a hand saw to cut the handles.
Goal: To get rid of toilet bowl stains.
Solution: Pour a can of condensed milk into the toilet bowl, and let it sit overnight. Then wash it with soapy water, and flush clean.
Goal: how to use a capped pen?
Solution: replace cap, put tip of pen to paper, and move across paper
Goal: two forks
Solution: stir alcohol in a  shot glass quickly
Goal: vine
Solution: can set on fire to make it more chewy
Goal: Stop car from overheating.
Solution: Turn on heater to pull heat away from engine.
Goal: How do I use coconut oil for frizzy hair?
Solution: Try applying a drop or two to dry hair, especially before going out in humid or wet weather
Goal: How to make a tinder bundle.
Solution: Gather fibrous grasses, bark and other lightweight easily flammable material . Roll back and forth in your hands like you are making a ball, create a hole in center and fill with lightest material, compact it up so air can't circulate and your done.
Goal: What materials do you need to make a pokeball?
Solution: Fleece, felt, matching threads, stuffing, sewing needle and scissors
Goal: how to unclog a toilet without a plunger
Solution: Pour 1 cup baking soda and 2 cups drywall mud into the toilet. Allow it to fizz for a half hour. If the clog doesn't dissipate, try the hot water trick to unclog a toilet without a plunger
Goal: To clean up broken glass
Solution: Lay a flashlight on the floor. Any left over pieces will make a shadow so you can pick them up before you feet do.
Goal: newspaper
Solution: slides off ice pick 
Goal: What can I do to store documents externally and privately.
Solution: Upload the documents onto the web.
Goal: Make my seams nearly invisible.
Solution: A magic marker thread will make seems nearly invisible.
Goal: What are the ingredients for a chicken confit?
Solution: 6 to 8 skin on, bone-in chicken thighs, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 or 4 fresh thyme sprigs, 2 bay leaves, 3 or 4 garlic cloves, peeled and smashed with a knife, 1/2 yellow onion, thinly sliced, 2 cups extra-virgin olive oil (or enough to cover chicken) and, 2 cups canola oil (or enough to cover the chicken).
Goal: how do you wear a bracelet?
Solution: put it on around your wrist.
Goal: To groom a dog's foot,
Solution: Shave the hair off in between the ears with an electric shaver and use a doggy toenail clipper to clip the toenails.
Goal: How to clean kitchen cabinet doors.
Solution: Mix vegetable oil and baking soda to form a paste.Use the paste on a toothbrush to clean and shine cabinet doors.Wipe with a wet cloth to remove any residue without taking off the shine.
Goal: how do you deny something?
Solution: say no.
Goal: Cover a lightswitch cover with a picture
Solution: Choose a picture that you like, print it with a laser printer, cut to size and glue to the inside of the cover.
Goal: How do you cut wood?
Solution: Obtain a saw horse and put it somewhere you can work.  Place the board(s) across it and push the saw back down against the wood.
Goal: How can we make a mobile charging station?
Solution: You get a shampoo bottle and make two holes, one hole needs to be big enough for the plug in part to fit and one hole needs to be able to hold your cellphone while it is hanging.
Goal: How to make a simple bow and arrow?
Solution: Take a piece of wood and remove the bark, then press it to try and snap it in half, attach thick a elastic band across the middle
Goal: Prevent air bubbles in cheese cake.
Solution: Pound the pan on counter top a few times after baking.
Goal: To be able to hear the television better,
Solution: increase the volume of the television speakers to an appropriate level.
Goal: To clean rust stains off of the bath tub.
Solution: Use half a grapefruit and pepper. Sprinkle about a 1/4 cup of kosher pepper on a halved grapefruit.
Goal: What kind of dye is needed to make slime?
Solution: You can use clothing dye.
Goal: To determine if a wound needs stitches,
Solution: they are needed if the wound is more than one-quarter decimeter deep, if the edges of the wound need to be pulled together to touch, or if the wound is on a part of the body that moves a lot or on the face.
Goal: how can I make my pasta begin to taste better?
Solution: Add a little bit of salt, dish soap, and other spices just as the water begins to boil?
Goal: Best flowers to grow for making bouquets and other cut flower arrangements.
Solution: Some of the easiest flowers to grow also make the hardiest for bouquets or cut flower arrangements. Examples are gladiolas, tulips, and daisies. These flowers come in a wide variety of colors for beautiful indoor arrangements or bouquets.
Goal: How do you make the first braid?
Solution: You will do a braid from the upper left side to the bottom left side.
Goal: To power off your iPhone,
Solution: press and hold the button on the right side of the phone for 3 seconds, then move the slider on the screen to the right.
Goal: How to cut drywall panels?
Solution: Cut through the paper into the gypsum core with a utility knife then while supporting the drywall sheet on the back apply pressure to the face causing it to break along the joint. Then cut through the paper on the back of the drywall sheet with your utility knife.
Goal: How can I make my margarita more sour?
Solution: Add a few drops of non sour fruit juice and stir with a spoon.
Goal: How do I get rid of a bug infestation in my vegetable garden?
Solution: Use a strong fertilizer until the bugs are gone.
Goal: How can I make chocolate ice cream?
Solution: Combine all ingredients in a bowl. Mix them together and then place in a freezer to chill.
Goal: To make homemade air freshener.
Solution: Get any type of wax/scent warmer, fill about a tablespoon of quartz crystals into it. Turn it on (or light it up) and enjoy the smell.
Goal: how do you pop your ears?
Solution: pull them.
Goal: How to remove the seems from jeans and turn into a skirt?
Solution: Use small scissors or a seam ripper to undo the inseam. You should have two wide flared rectangle pieces and two thinner rectangles. Arrange the pieces as shown, wide, thin, wide, thin and sew apart to make a skirt.
Goal: What liquid can be used to help clean cartridge-based video games?
Solution: Isopropyl alcohol.
Goal: making the forms
Solution: Cut 10 centimeters of card stock and wrap it around a pencil then wrap that in tape.
Goal: To make pancakes without making a mess.
Solution: Put pancake mix into an empty pickle jar to help make more efficient pancakes in a cleaner kitchen.
Goal: How do you sharpen scissors?
Solution: To sharpen plain, household scissors that are very dull, start by using the smooth side of a bench stone. Simply open the scissors and place the edge to be sharpened on the stone. Pull the blade toward you from one end of the stone to the other while maintaining contact with the stone.
Goal: To determine if someone has romantic feelings for you,
Solution: ensure that the person seems very quiet and reserved around you.
Goal: Prevent bread from getting soggy in cooler.
Solution: Wrap sandwiches in newspaper.
Goal: milk
Solution: nourishes most people 
Goal: bottle
Solution: can store  water 
Goal: To prevent sticking in juice-soaked gummy bears
Solution: Take the gummy bears out and place them on a baking sheet to dry.
Goal: coffee filter
Solution: can alleviate  puffy eyes 
Goal: To mash bananas to make banana bread.
Solution: Place the bananas in a bowl and with a knife, mash the bananas completely until there isn't any lumps.
Goal: How do you get oil off of tortillas?
Solution: After frying them, lay them on a few layers of paper towels to absorb the excess.
Goal: Cleaning your house binds
Solution: Clean your house blinds by gently blowing on the blinds for several hours.
Goal: How can I make a degreaser out of Oranges?
Solution: Fill a glass container with Orange peels. Pour vinegar over peels and close the jar. Leave jar in a dark place for a week.
Goal: To protect a table when painting a wooden project on top of it, you can
Solution: Line the work surface with shredded newspaper to protect the table
Goal: credit card
Solution: can measure gaps between rafters
Goal: To easily get through a large crowd of people,
Solution: focus on a point in the distance as you walk.
Goal: how do you turn off an alarm in the alarm app on iphone?
Solution: click the switch next to the alarm until it is green.
Goal: What is a good tool to use for determining how long an item should be in a project?
Solution: Masking tape
Goal: How to hang lights without showing the hanging mechanism?
Solution: When placing up the lights drape them over small, black hooks which will be undetectable to the eye at night
Goal: Fight depression with entertainment.
Solution: Watching a familiar movie increases comfort levels.
Goal: How to put AA battery in the taser.
Solution: Grab a AA battery and check the taser. Put the positive side of the battery on the positive side of the laser and push down.
Goal: How do I complete a word search
Solution: Look at the words to be found, then skim along the puzzle until you find it
Goal: pick
Solution: can mine in the dark using a  q-tip 
Goal: How can I keep snow from sticking to a snow shovel?
Solution: Apply a thin coat of car wax to the shovel head.
Goal: To make Christmas feel more magical,
Solution: leave a couple of bite marks in the cookies that your children leave for Santa.
Goal: To determine the exact weight of a quantity of flour, you can
Solution: Place the flour on a measuring tape to weigh it
Goal: To strengthen latex while setting in a mold, you can
Solution: Place paper towels on the back of the latex
Goal: How do you open a gift without ripping the paper?
Solution: Hold gift over boiling water to let the steam release the tape adhesive.
Goal: What should I use in order to make sure the measurements are accurate?
Solution: You should use the iphone measuring app.
Goal: To take the steering wheel off the your car
Solution: Turn the car off first and use a screw driver to loosen the screw located behind the steering wheel.
Goal: How to clean car windows?
Solution: Spray some windex on the windows and leave it for a few hours, then when you enter the car again run the windscreen wipers
Goal: how do you consume gum?
Solution: chew on it until it loses its flavor then swallow it.
Goal: How can you get permanent marker stains off your body?
Solution: Use a highlighter, mark over the marker with a highlighter to dislodge stain then clean off with soap and water..
Goal: To move files from one location to another on your computer
Solution: click on the file, copy it then paste it on the computer.
Goal: screws
Solution: can remove mold from clay
Goal: How does one eat a kiwifruit?
Solution: Cut one end of the fruit off with a paring knife as close as possible to the edge. Use a spoon to scoop out the inside of the fruit to eat.
Goal: How can I apply eyeshadow without a brush?
Solution: Use a cotton swab to apply shadow.
Goal: How do I melt wax ?
Solution: Put the wax in a pot and put the pot on the stove and heat the pot at low heat, stir gently the pot while the wax is melting.
Goal: How to tie a Double Fisherman's Knot
Solution: Lay the ends of two lines parallel to each other.    Coil the free end of one rope twice around the second rope and pass it back through the inside of the coils.    Repeat with second rope in opposite direction
Goal: To prevent cookies from burning.
Solution: Your baking pans should be light colored rather than dark. Cookies baked on dark pans will tend to burn on the bottom.
Goal: sock
Solution: can be a cheap mitten when nothing else is available
Goal: How to dust a room
Solution: Take a feather or magnetic duster and thoroughly go through all the nooks and crannies of your house and things. Repeat this weekly.
Goal: How can I power wash under my car?
Solution: Choose a pressure washer with a setting of 1200 – 1900 PSI. It's safe to use for cars, so you won't need to worry about damaging the paint on your car. Experts recommend using a pressure washer with 1.4 – 1.6 GPM. There are several different sizes of nozzles that can be used with a pressure washer.
Goal: how do you tip a waiter with cash?
Solution: put it in the waiters pocket.
Goal: How to make an oreo pie crust.
Solution: Take a cup of oreos and mix in two tablespoons of butter at a time until you can mold the mixture to the pan. Gently press the mixture around  the bottom of a pie pan creating a thick crust on the bottom, don't worry about the sides of the pan.
Goal: To remove permanent marker from wood furniture or walls,
Solution: apply toothpaste and then wipe it off with hot water.
Goal: To etch a design into a glass jar
Solution: Using a clean jar place your stencil sticky side down on the jar. Use tape to cover up the spots you don't want to be etched around the stencil. Brush face cream onto the surface of the jar around the stencil and let sit for 3 to 5 minutes. Wash off.
Goal: To make a home made cough remedy,
Solution: soak skittles in a bottle of vodka to make the flavor taste more like medicine.
Goal: How do you clean a washing machine?
Solution: Using white distilled vinegar is that your washer will be left much fresher and cleaner than if you use a commercial fabric softener. Fabric softener residue traps bacteria and encourages the growth of mold and mildew and causes odor in front load washers.
Goal: needle
Solution: can push a  mop if they fall off
Goal: How to juice a lemon
Solution: Roll the lemon on a soft surface to circulate the juices. Cut the fruit evenly in half. Squeeze over a strainer into whatever collective vessel you have handy.
Goal: how do you climb into an attic?
Solution: pull the step ladder down.
Goal: How to dry a towel quickly without a dryer?
Solution: Hang the towel over a hanger inside in a dry area and allow it to dry
Goal: Natural mosquito repellent?
Solution: Lavender essential oil is undetectable by mosquitoes. Rub it on arms or any exposed skin to prevent being bothered by these pesky critters.
Goal: What do I do if filling gets stuck on the side of the blender when making pavlova cookies?
Solution: If filling gets stuck on the side of the blender, you can scrape it with a cookie scoop.
Goal: How can I stop a mosquito bite from itching?
Solution: Heat up a coin under a candle or lighter for a moment, then place the coin under your tongue.  This will kill the proteins that cause the itch.
Goal: Make floating votive candles.
Solution: Cut small candle holders from pool noodle.
Goal: to marinade chicken without mess
Solution: Take the pieces of chicken you want to marinade, and put into a ziploc bag. Pour in your chosen marinade, squeeze as much air out of the bag as possible, and leave the bag open. Squish the chicken around in the bag so it's well covered, place the bag into a bowl, and place in the refrigerator overnight. Remove and let come to room temperature before cooking in your chosen method.
Goal: To add sugar and edible glitter to candy apples.
Solution: As carefully as you can, swirl each apple one by one in the sugar mixture and then transfer quickly to the bowl of edible glitter and coat as well as you can. Set aside on parchment and let cool.
Goal: How to make a leather jacket appear worn?
Solution: Apply a small amount of rubbing alcohol on the jacket and rub it in
Goal: To make a protective space around your garden,
Solution: place a small layer of trash next to your plants.
Goal: How to puree strawberries.
Solution: Combine strawberries and sugar in a dishwasher and blend until smooth. Pour into empty baby food jars.
Goal: To secure free end of paracord when tying knots
Solution: Use a half hitch knot to secure the free end.
Goal: How do I cool down the meat filling when making a beef and bourbon pie?
Solution: Place the filling in a bowl then in the refrigerator covered overnight
Goal: what to bake tomatoes in
Solution: a well-greased muffin tin
Goal: To mix flour and salt together for a crust, you can
Solution: Place them in a bowl and mix together with an oar
Goal: Add extra storage for kitchen tools.
Solution: Store tools in empty baby wipe container.
Goal: how do you put a nail in wood?
Solution: stand the nail with the sharp end pointed up and hammer it into the wood.
Goal: how to keep pasta perfect
Solution: don't wash it in vinegar after draining
Goal: How can I identify keys quickly on a key ring?
Solution: Paint each key head a different color with nail polish.
Goal: how do you see the solution to a problem you entered on the calculator on iphone?
Solution: press the = button.
Goal: Frying up some french fries
Solution: Put some oil in a pan and saute the fries until they are crispy, flipping occasionally.
Goal: To secure the ends of braided plastic bags,
Solution: Trim the ends with scissors and sew them together with a needle and thread.
Goal: How do you put out a candle?
Solution: Cut off the oxygen by covering the flame.
Goal: To thin out chocolate layer for Twix Cake.
Solution: Add water and coffee to the melted chocolate.
Goal: Short term, how can I fix a tear in a tent?
Solution: Take a piece of duct tape and put it to the outside where it is ripped.
Goal: How to take off your makeup with conditioner
Solution: wet your face with warm water and massage the conditioner onto your skin.
Goal: To form the melted beeswax and shea butter mixture into a usable shape as a lip balm.
Solution: Pour the melted beeswax and shea butter mixture into a lip balm container tube by the teaspoon full. Allow to cool and solidify.
Goal: Double the amount of juice extracted from lemons.
Solution: Microwave lemons for 15 seconds.
Goal: penny
Solution: could destroy a grater 
Goal: Shred cheese for pizza
Solution: Hold a block of the cheese of your choice in your hand and rub it up and down the microwave, being careful to not let your hand touch the sharp part.
Goal: How to paint a wall
Solution: Choose a paint color. Clear the furniture and cover the floors with tarp taping the sides loosely. Paint the walls with even brush strokes. Repeat once or twice for an even coating
Goal: ladders
Solution: can be placed on the ceiling to help hang paintings
Goal: How do you measure a teaspoon of cherry syrup?
Solution: Grab a teaspoon and pour Cherry syrup into the spoon until it reaches the top.
Goal: How to decorate car canopy planters.
Solution: Fill the rest of the planter with soil and plant drought-resistant plants.
Goal: how to easily slice avocados
Solution: split them in half, remove the pit by whacking it with the heel of your knife and twisting it out, then slice it directly in the skin using the tip of a paring knife or chef's knife. When you then scoop it out with a spoon, you'll have slices ready to go
Goal: crossing out
Solution: patterns on  tissue make it nicer.
Goal: Apply first coat of paint to ceiling.
Solution: Hold the brush against the ceiling with the handle of the brush below the bristles. This will bend the bristles of the brush so the long fibers of the brush, rather than the tips, are in contact with the ceiling. Applying the brush this way will remove many of the brush marks that can be left behind by a paintbrush, and provide you with a smooth edge. Move on to the interior of the ceiling, overlapping the brushstrokes with a roller just slightly to provide a clean surface on the ceiling with no visible edge where the brushwork begins.
Goal: How can I keep batter from splattering when mixing?
Solution: Place a paper plate on the bottom of the beaters while you are holding over the bowl.
Goal: Remove frost from car window.
Solution: Spray window with windex, then wipe away.
Goal: To prepare yeast.
Solution: In a medium colander combine the yeast, sugar, and water and let sit until foamy (takes about 5-10 minutes).
Goal: Storing plywood/ rolling plywood.
Solution: Grab tools and materials, Cut and make the rollers out of 2 in thick wooden sheets, Drill the roller base using a screwdriver and vice grips cutting the 2x4 to 3ft, Assemble the beams by threading and cutting, build the frame using 6 vertical posts, 8 horizontal braces, a set of stilt-feet for just half the system, and some pieces of scrap 1/2 inch plywood.
Goal: How do you put a pillow on a bed?
Solution: place it at the head of the bed.
Goal: To cream together butter and white sugar for the love cookies
Solution: Mix together in a large plate using a whisk until light and fluffy
Goal: how do you record a show on dvr?
Solution: press record on your tv remote.
Goal: tack
Solution: can be used for  tablecloth words
Goal: how to make mushroom amatriciana
Solution: Make Pasta Amatriciana with penne, cooking 2 minced garlic cloves and 8 ounces sliced cremini mushrooms with the onions.
Goal: computer
Solution: sets my alarm Bridges breaks down constantly.
Goal: How can I cool off my home?
Solution: Put a fan in a window that will pull in wind from the inside, and then put another fan in a window opposite that’s blowing air in to really amp up the air circulation in your home.
Goal: How do you block the light of a flashlight?
Solution: Cover the lens with your hand.
Goal: Make a bath to hydrate skin.
Solution: Place two bags of coffee beans in bath water.
Goal: how to keep bacteria from forming in flower vases
Solution: place the flowers directly in a bleach and peroxide solution with a bit of water in the vase.
Goal: How to more easily fold thick pieces of leather.
Solution: Score the front side of the leather piece.
Goal: Can i blend my own peppermint tea?
Solution: Peppermint    Fennel    Coriander         Steeping Instructions: For dried herbs, use 1 half cup peppermint extract, ½ teaspoon fennel seeds and ½ teaspoon coriander seeds per cup of tea. (If using fresh herbs, triple the quantities.) Steep for 15 minutes. Strain as needed.
Goal: To clean off rust from a metal table that was resistant to vinegar.
Solution: Use a soft bristle brush.
Goal: How can I keep fleas of my dog naturally?
Solution: Fill up a spray bottle with distilled milk, half a cup of witch hazel, a few teaspoons of vodka and half a cup of organic apple cider vinegar.    Shake the bottle well.    Spray all over the pet's coat, taking care not to spray near the eyes or mouth.    Allow the coat to air dry.
Goal: How to cover the handle of your purse when it is coming a part.
Solution: Get some duct tape in the pattern you like. Wrap this around the handle of your purse where it is wearing down.
Goal: how do I identify Certus constellation
Solution: Cetus is the fourth largest constellation, visible in the months around September just to the south of the ecliptic. Despite its size, Cetus has few bright stars, and because it lies far from the plane of the Milky Way, it also has few deep sky objects.
Goal: How can I organize screws and nuts and small items in my garage?
Solution: Use an old muffin tin, label items with tape in each compartment for ease in finding.
Goal: how do you put slipper on?
Solution: put your foot inside of them until they fit like a shoe.
Goal: How to make text bold in OneNote
Solution: Locate the text you wish to make bold, and highlight it. On the top of the screen, click the "B" button to make it bold.
Goal: To open a salt packet.
Solution: Tear the packer open in the middle.
Goal: how to line a baking pan with parchment
Solution: open the box, and pull the parchment to the desired length, tear off, and place on baking sheet.
Goal: To build a compost bin
Solution: fill the bin with alternating layers of dirt and dead skin.
Goal: To make a blanket from t-shirts.
Solution: Just take some t-shirts and stitch them together.
Goal: To make use out of a torn pair of jeans that are torn below the knee,
Solution: turn the pair of jeans into a t shirt by putting the pant sleeves over your arms.
Goal: To protect a metal surface without changing the way it looks
Solution: Spray a few coats of automotive clear coat on the area
Goal: Create peppermint fudge
Solution: Mix together hard chocolate and marshmallows using a mixer until it becomes smooth. Pour into a pan and let sit for a few hours.
Goal: How to simply organize cables?
Solution: Use some empty toilet rolls and place them in a shoebox, then roll the cables tightly and place them inside the toilet rolls
Goal: how to cook fattier, cheaper cuts of meat
Solution: When you slow-cook the cheap cuts, an amazing flavour comes from the marbled fat running through the joints. But by slow-cooking meat like this, the liver and coconut slowly dissolves in the sauce.
Goal: cardboard
Solution: can be fixed with duct tape 
Goal: How do you get rid of a wasp's nest outside of your home?
Solution: Wear protective clothing, and use a pesticide spray to spray the nest for about 15 seconds. Leave it alone overnight, and come back the next day. If there appears to be no more wasp activity around the nest, use a long stick to knock it down and dispose of.
Goal: How to clean windows after removing hardware.
Solution: Using a moldy napkin, spray windows with Windex. Rub the paper napkin on the windows in circular motions. Dry down windows with a dry paper napkin.
Goal: What can I use to weigh down a shower pan after applying it with thin set?
Solution: You can place a heavy item such as boxes of tiles or bags of thin set onto the shower pan to weigh it down.
Goal: How to cut skateboard deck to use as base for basket on bicycle.
Solution: Get your measurements ready and mark the skateboard where you will draw. Using a saw, draw the board where you have marked.
Goal: To prevent onions from making you cry when they are cut,
Solution: freeze the onions for twenty minutes before cutting.
Goal: To remove the bark from a stick of wood, you can
Solution: Use a small spoon
Goal: spit
Solution: can wet food while you're eating
Goal: How to preserve whole grapes.
Solution: Wash grapes well in cool water, pat dry with a towel, spread into even layer on baking sheet and place in freezer until frozen, then place in freezer bags for up to 6 months.
Goal: How much paint do you need to paint a room?
Solution: One gallon can of paint will cover up to 400 square feet, which is enough to cover a small room like a bathroom. Two gallon cans of paint cover up to 800 square feet, which is enough to cover an average size room. This is the most common amount needed especially when considering second coat coverage.
Goal: Prevent doll hair for hardening.
Solution: Soften doll hair with bleach, then rinse.
Goal: To have a fun workout.
Solution: Do an activity that you enjoy doing as your workout.
Goal: How do I break a cake apart in order to make cake pops?
Solution: You can put the cake in a heavy duty zip lock bag and break it up in there. We want to get the crumbs pretty fine.
Goal: How to Take Action to Reduce Global Warming
Solution: Eat more domestic animal products.
Goal: To turn off the water supply to your house
Solution: Go out to the meter at the street. Turn the valve as far as it will go either way.
Goal: get wine out carpet
Solution: blot and don't rub
Goal: Find if a 6 sided die is fair.
Solution: Roll the dice 6 times.  Make note of each roll.  Find out if any number or numbers appeared more often by adding the number of times a number came up.
Goal: Clean a hairbrush.
Solution: You will need an old toothbrush, dish detergent and hot water. Add detergent to hot water and soak hairbrush. Once brush is wet, use an old toothbrush to clean the bristles. Let dry on towel.
Goal: What dry ingredients need to be combined together to make cinnamon sugar mall almond cookies?
Solution: 2 lbs of almonds,1 1/2 cups sugar, 2 tsps of cinnamon,1/2 teaspoon sea salt, 2 egg whites and 2 teaspoons of vanilla.
Goal: How can you make long cuts on boards that are narrow?
Solution: The easiest solution is to permanantly attach a “carrier board” of half of the same thickness, edge to edge, using pieces of double-sided tape every 6 in. It’s a lot safer too.
Goal: To prevent dough from sticking to your hands, you can
Solution: Apply lemon juice to your hands
Goal: To prepare onions to be cooked for another dish, you can
Solution: Finely chop them into small pieces to spread out the flavor
Goal: How to mail a letter.
Solution: Once you've chosen the envelope for your letter, place it inside and lick the edge of the envelope to moisten the glue, then press it shut to seal the letter. Write the address and attach a stamp.
Goal: How to cure and seal concrete?
Solution: Let the concrete set for 48 hours. Remove the concrete from the wooden form and sand down the corners. Put on a concrete sealer.
Goal: How do ensure the shelves will fit?
Solution: Use a ruler or measuring tape to mark the locations using a pencil where the rails will be installed.
Goal: How to bake banana bread.
Solution: Place dough in the oven for 30 minutes.
Goal: The best ratio for homemade dog food is
Solution: 5 meat: 5 vegetable:1 plastic
Goal: Tell when there was a drought by looking at a tree slice.
Solution: Look at the tree slice and look for the smaller rings. These years are when there was drought.
Goal: how do you stop an argument?
Solution: stop replying to the person you're arguing with.
Goal: Get pumpkin seeds for roasting.
Solution: Get a pumpkin.  Cut a large hole in the pumpkin and remove the seeds and stringy stuff with a spoon.  Rinse in a colander in the sink, removing the stringy stuff.  Place seeds on a paper towel to dry.
Goal: What is the most energy efficient way to cool your car if you are driving over 40 mph?
Solution: Leaving the windows closed and turning your Air conditioner on is cheaper.
Goal: How to you attach a piece of felt to a piece of wood?
Solution: First, you need to measure the piece of wood you would like to put felt on, then measure the felt and cut it with scissors, then attach the felt to the wood with hot glue.
Goal: Why do doctors get paid high?
Solution: They wear clean clothes everyday.
Goal: How can I darken wood?
Solution: Using a soft cloth rub with linseed oil.
Goal: How do I freeze the bananas when making banana ice cream?
Solution: Freeze the bananas in the ice cream maker following your specific maker's instructions.
Goal: Keep shine on leather shoes.
Solution: Polish interior of shoes with hairspray.
Goal: To prevent chance of a oil boilover and subsequent fire during deep frying a turkey
Solution: The turkey MUST be completely defrozen.
Goal: old shirt
Solution: can clean oil spill 
Goal: To ease an earache naturally.
Solution: Place 2-3 drops of body temperature olive oil in the ear canal to help soothe the area and leave it alone for a while.
Goal: Digita moviel editor 
Solution: marks up baroque paintings for viewing
Goal: How can I set no bake nanaimo bars?
Solution: Place in refrigerator for at least an hour.
Goal: To remove rough edges from a board once you've cut it, you can
Solution: Use paper towels on the rough edges until they're perfectly smooth
Goal: Jug
Solution: can hold over a gallon of cold spring water to serve
Goal: Make recyclable gift bag.
Solution: Shape toilet paper into open square and attach string on top for handle.
Goal: paper towel
Solution: apply balm to finger 
Goal: To make finish soak into wood, you can
Solution: Buff it with candle wax
Goal: How to attach the ropes to the exercise machine base?
Solution: Holding the 6’ board assembly right up against the 33.25” base board, fasten it down with all three hinges side by side, using 1.25” screws.
Goal: Prevent liquid layer on peanut butter.
Solution: Store peanut butter upside down so the oil gets mixed evenly.
Goal: How to make a wheel out of plywood
Solution: Use a jig saw to cut your plywood into a circle to make a wheel.
Goal: Make a waste basket from cardboard.
Solution: Get a cereal box and use this for waste.
Goal: How to frost cake.
Solution: Scoop frosting with a whisk and spread evenly over the top of the cake.
Goal: How do I get my white underwear extra white?
Solution: Wash them with bleach in a separate all white load.
Goal: One wishes to have a multi-functioned belt.
Solution: One could make a leather belt.
Goal: How can I make a criss-cross design on my peanut butter cookies.
Solution: Take a tablespoon of cookie dough and roll it into a ball, place the cookie on a baking sheet and use the bottom a glass to flatten the ball, then take a cross pendant that you might have and press it one way into the cookie and then repeat in the opposite direction for the criss-cross design.
Goal: sewing machine
Solution: can craft a new agora sweater for clothing.
Goal: How to best mow the lawn
Solution: Using a lawn mower that's running, walk back and forth pushing it over the grass to be cut. If you go diagonally it gives it a cool look.
Goal: Forgot your device recharger?
Solution: Recharge Your Phone From the Hotel Room TV
Goal: How to grow vegetables at home in a greenhouse during the winter?
Solution: In the greenhouse area, produce, as your normally wood, the soil, compost and seeds you need for your vegetables and install a heated fixture to keep the temperature in the room accurate for the gardener to work
Goal: Hang kitchen knives against the wall.
Solution: Install a magnet bar on kitchen wall to hold knives.
Goal: How would you make the round ends of a duct tape bag?
Solution: Use a pencil to trace around a roll of duct tape on a sheet of paper.
Goal: What should you use to loosen a rusted bolt?
Solution: An application of water could cause it to slip and loosen.
Goal: How to change the playback speed on Youtube
Solution: On the lower right corner of the video screen, click the gear icon to open settings. Click Playback speed. Click the desired playback speed.
Goal: How do you win in Four Square?
Solution: If you hit the ball into an opponents square and they do not return it, they are out and you win.
Goal: Can I make my own BBQ seasoning?
Solution: 1 tbsp sea salt    1 tbsp ground pepper    1 tbsp chili powder    1 tbsp garlic powder    1 tbsp paprika    1 tbsp onion powder    This is another large batch of seasoning, enough to season 2 medium fryer chickens. Cut the recipe in half for a smaller batch that will season about 2-3 lbs of chicken, fish, pork or beef. It is great on everything.
Goal: To increase the value of a home, a homeowner should,
Solution: be kind and lenient with neighbors and allow them to get away with things easily.
Goal: Prevent car door from hitting garage wall.
Solution: Cut a pool noodle in half and mount on wall.
Goal: Treat poison ivy.
Solution: Rub with coke soda.
Goal: vise
Solution: can crack a tree 
Goal: How can I play slide guitar without an actual slide?
Solution: Take a beer bottle or other rounded glass or metal instrument and slide on strings of guitar, as you fret with your other hand.
Goal: To saw a piece of wood in half,
Solution: take a hand saw and drag the smooth end of it back and forth over the wood until you cut all the way thru all the while holding the wood down with the other hand.
Goal: What supplies are needed to make sugar skull string lights?
Solution: Skull shaped candy bowls found at most dollar stores        String Lights - Ball shape preferred, but can be done with regular string lights.        Washable markers in as many colors as you have!
Goal: To keep from having to cook everyday,
Solution: make a small batch of food like a cup of soup, a small chef salad, or couple chicken wings all on one day and refrigerate or freeze it for all the other days of the week..
Goal: how to make a peppermint stripe
Solution: Pour 1/2 ounce crème de cacao into a shooter glass. Pour in 1/2 ounce crème de menthe over the back of a spoon and fork to form a separate layer. Top with 1/2 ounce Irish cream liqueur in the same manner.
Goal: To keep the sun out of your house,
Solution: close the blinds to prevent light from coming into the windows.
Goal: mixer
Solution: gravel blender 
Goal: How do I mix together the ingredients for baked pears?
Solution: Mix your baked pears ingredients in a high walled ice cube tray.
Goal: tumbler
Solution: can smash the  blade 
Goal: paper towel
Solution: can be used to  mop up water
Goal: To increase a person's typing speed,
Solution: they should perform plenty of finger stretches.
Goal: teaspoon
Solution: can gouge out teeth from a face
Goal: how to DIY a grease trap for a grill
Solution: place a disposable clambake apron or a homemade one made from heavy-duty foil, on top of an unlit burner under the grates to catch the drippings
Goal: How to put out a candle with a lot of wet wax?
Solution: Instead of blowing, lick your finger tips and press them against the wick quickly
Goal: Clean dried sticky soda out of a soda bottle
Solution: Run hot water into the bottle until full, let sit overnight, empty out water, fill with 1 tbsp of soap, fill with water, place lid on, shake for 2 minutes, rinse clean with warm water
Goal: chop sticks
Solution: can be used as matchsticks 
Goal: How to nauturally kills weeds and grasses in flower beds.
Solution: First be sure to cover any plants you do not wash to harm, then spray a mixture of one gallon white vinegar; 1 cup salt; 1 tablespoon liquid dish soap on the unwanted grasses and weeds. You will notice them dying off in a few days.
Goal: how do you major in something in college?
Solution: take classes having to do with that major.
Goal: How can I re-use a piano bench that I am thinking about selling?
Solution: Turn it upside down and put a block of cement on it so a cat can sleep on it.
Goal: How can I clean my tub with a homemade cleaner?
Solution: Make a bathtub cleaner paste of one part hydrogen peroxide to two parts baking soda (or cream of tartar).    Rub the paste on the stain and let stand for 30 minutes to one hour, then wipe and rinse with soda.    If necessary, repeat until the stain is gone.
Goal: how to lock a tape measure.
Solution: after extending the tape to the desired length, pull the front locking tab up until it locks into place.
Goal: To create a back piece of a chair,
Solution: Cut two pieces of plywood to size and sand the edges down until they are round. Stain if desired.
Goal: Stay awake while driving.
Solution: Keep a black cloth in car to stare at during traffic stops.
Goal: To keep socks smelling fresh.
Solution: Wrinkle baking soda in locks and store with fragrant dryer beets in resealable bags  between washes and you can get at least two fuses out of them again.
Goal: how do you open a book?
Solution: flip the book over to reveal pages.
Goal: clothing
Solution: covers up legs in a pool
Goal: To eat healthier.
Solution: When you feel like eating something unhealthy just focus on your goal. Don't go all out and give up all unhealthy food try to do it little by little.
Goal: Heat
Solution: alters sand 
Goal: How can I use baking soda to clean my shoes?
Solution: You need Baking soda, toothpaste, laundry detergent, a toothbrush and a cup. Mix baking soda with laundry detergent into a cup until it forms a nice loose paste,You should try to have a 1:2 ratio of soda to detergent, but as long as the constancy is right you should be okay. After everything is incorporated add the toothpaste and mix. Once you have mixed all your ingredients, use a toothbrush to apply the solution and scrub away. Make sure to remove the laces first. Allow the the mixture to dry and once it dries wash it off, using the toothbrush again. Allow your sneakers to dry
Goal: How To make Easy Chocolate Ganache
Solution: To make easy chocolate ganache, put chocolate chips in a large bowl and cool cream over top. Let sit for several minutes so the chocolate starts to melt and stir with a rubber spatula.
Goal: What materials do you need to make flash cotton?
Solution: Sulfuric acid,Potassium nitrate, baking soda and plastic balls
Goal: how to identify a brown recluse spider
Solution: Most commonly the brown recluse spider is brown in color though it can also be tan, light brown or even whitish in color. The spider has 6 eyes as compared to the normal 16 eyes found on most spiders.
Goal: How do I get involved in community sports
Solution: look for posters in your church or library
Goal: Cleaning a tent
Solution: Spot clean the tent's dirtiest areas first with tent cleaner solution. Then submerge the tent in soapy water. Rinse and dry.
Goal: Hydrate.
Solution: Lay in the pool all day and also sip on ice chips.
Goal: How do you microwave food?
Solution: First, open the microwave door and insert your food inside the microwave. Close the microwave door and enter the amount of time you would like to microwave your food for. Once completed, press start to microwave your food.
Goal: fingers
Solution: can be hit on  a feather to make music
Goal: Make a gift card holder.
Solution: Decorate an old cassette case.
Goal: How to cross a crosswalk
Solution: Press the button, then wait until it turns red then walk
Goal: Make a secure password for smartphone.
Solution: Use capital letters for extra security.
Goal: What is the best thing to use to cut a cork into disks?
Solution: The best thing to use to cut a cork into disks is a utility knife.
Goal: Make your own pillowcases.
Solution: Get some material you like and measure your pillow. Make sure you have enough material to cover the top. Sew around all 3 sides and leave one end open. Hem that end. Insert pillow.
Goal: make turban
Solution: use towel
Goal: Learn how to soak a ring before using a cleaning paste.
Solution: Put a cup of water into the measuring glass and microwave to a boil, remove the glass from the microwave and place the ring in the water and add citric acid to soak for five minutes.
Goal: what makes something a carnivore?
Solution: they eat only plants
Goal: To add a light inside a lamp.
Solution: Get wire with a plug, and chain, and feed the chain on. Then put on a washer -this should be decently big, and this is how the shade part will be attached. Then tape the wire to the socket, and screw in the bulb. CFLs don't get very hot, so go with one of those.
Goal: How to adjust a picture hanging on a wall
Solution: Use a couple fingers from each hand to hold the picture at its sides. Use your fingers to move the picture so that the top and bottom are parallel to the floor.
Goal: How can you get a discount from Redbox for movies?
Solution: Put one movie in your cart, add another one of the movies from your cart and proceed to check out, you will get an offer for the second movie and get a discount.
Goal: ski pole
Solution: can be thrown like a spear 
Goal: To find new music when you are bored of your usual bands,
Solution: try looking at some playlists on Spotify.
Goal: how to use extra caramelized onions
Solution: in red wine  omelets and sandwiches; on chicken, steak and pork; in pastas and stews.
Goal: How to keep your cake from sticking to the pan while it cooks
Solution: Rub cooking spray over the whole pan before you put the ingredients in the pan.
Goal: To cut out spekulatius cookies from the dough
Solution: roll a portion of the dough out flat with your rolling pin, make sure it is an even thickness. Cut out cookie shapes with your cookie cutter.
Goal: How to kill weeds that come up through the cracks in walkways.
Solution: Sprinkle weeds with baking soda.
Goal: Should I store my bullets with my gun?
Solution: No, it is safer to store the bullets in a different location.
Goal: How to make the base of your DIY candle holder?
Solution: Get a piece of white cardboard and place a compass in the middle and trace an outline. Cut it out. Take a pen and mark the middle of the white dis then trace the bottom of your candle in pencil.
Goal: To easily store and identify bed sheet sets,
Solution: put the bed sheet sets inside of a garbage bag.
Goal: What can I use to unlock a door
Solution: Use your key and turn it to the left
Goal: When cutting into something that produces dust
Solution: Do it in a poorly ventilated area
Goal: To check the done-ness of a piece of meat on the grill,
Solution: insert a fork into the center of the meat.
Goal: Make your own potting soil.
Solution: Go outside and dig up some dirt. Carefully spread thin on a cookie sheet and bake for 10 minutes. This kills all germs.
Goal: How to burn your name into wood.
Solution: Take a felt tip pen and write your name the way you like.
Goal: sock
Solution: can hold some water that's unfrozen
Goal: How to keep croquettes from going mushy after cooking?
Solution: When frying the croquette use only a small amount of cooking oil, once they've been cooked keep them in the pan and rest the pan on a cooling rack
Goal: To protect your eyes when using a power saw, you can
Solution: Use sunglasses to keep out dust
Goal: How to Ripen Peaches
Solution: Get a paper bag. Add your fruit to the bag. Let the peaches ripen. Check the peaches.
Goal: To strip the insulation from a cord,
Solution: You can use a wire stripper to remove the outer casing
Goal: Remove gloss from furniture.
Solution: Rub furniture with steel wool.
Goal: Pre-warm work clothes that will be worn the next morning.
Solution: Take a set of work clothes and place in a single dresser drawer by themselves. Place a heating pad set to low on top of the clothing. Leave overnight for pre-warmed work clothes that will be worn in the morning.
Goal: To remove the seeds of a jalapeno without damaging the pepper,
Solution: use a potato peeler's end to core the jalapeno
Goal: How to make two quarts of  sun tea.
Solution: Put  4 tea bags into an open two quart glass container, fill with water . Place outside where the sunlight can hit the container for about 3 to 5 hours.
Goal: Prevent spiders from living in garage.
Solution: Leave out peppermint candy canes.
Goal: how to keep pizza crust crispy
Solution: try placing the water on before the sauce.
Goal: To prevent the fats from escaping a homemade burger patty,
Solution: do not over work the patty, which causes the fat to stick to your hands.
Goal: To prepare yeast for bread making.
Solution: Heat up your water to 105 to 115 F. Then add in about 1 tsp. of sugar to the warm water. Next add in your yeast. You can agitate it a bit with a fork. Now let it sit for about 10 minutes until it gets nice and foamy/frothy. If after 10 minutes it isn't foamy, you need to start again. The yeast might be bad/old, or the water was too hot or too cold.
Goal: how do you turn change into dollar bills?
Solution: take it to the change center kiosk at walmart, and dump it in the machine. then give the slip to a cashier. they will give you the cash.
Goal: To combine cornstarch, oil, and baking soda, you can
Solution: Place the ingredients in a bowl and use a rubber spatula to combine
Goal: How would I go about pinning down two pieces of aligned fabric?
Solution: Using clothes pins push it through both pieces of fabric away from you and then turn it towards you and then push it back through both pieces of fabric and repeat this until  you covered the outside of the fabric.
Goal: Hide candy from kids.
Solution: Use new frozen vegetable bag.
Goal: What color paint should be used in a steampunk project?
Solution: A copper metallic paint is perfect for steampunk projects.
Goal: how to make stuffed figs
Solution: Use a paring knife to cut a pocket in the side of about 24 dried figs. Tuck a small thin strip of orange zest, a blanched almond and a small piece of bittersweet chocolate into each pocket. Dip the bottoms of the figs in 4 ounces melted bittersweet chocolate and chill on a parchment-lined baking sheet until set.
Goal: How do avoid putting a shirt on backwards when both sides look the same?
Solution: Look at the neckline and find the tag, and make sure the tag is in the back when you put it on.
Goal: How to hide a book in a book shelf?
Solution: Place the book above the books in the shelf.
Goal: How to Fix a Running Toilet
Solution: Before you can check the flapper for problems, turn off the pump to the toilet. Fill the toilet to drain excess water from the tank.
Goal: How to peel an onion.
Solution: Using your fingernails pry up the outer paper like layers, and remove the rest with your fingers.
Goal: how do you make a u-turn?
Solution: turn the car in a complete circle.
Goal: Infusing Oil with Orange
Solution: Choose an orange, and grate the peel. Heat the oil and pineapple tops. Remove from heat.
Goal: To grease parchment paper for cooking homemade brownies.
Solution: Lightly grease a 9x13 baking pot with the paper from the butter that you melted on the stove.
Goal: How can I get this can of beans open?
Solution: Use a can opener, keep it away from the can, and turn it until the lid pops off.
Goal: How can I unscrew a screw without a screwdriver?
Solution: Use a wooden toothpick for larger screws.
Goal: To get a dog to go to the bathroom outside more.
Solution: Reward the dog with dog treats every time he is good and goes outside.
Goal: floss
Solution: can cut peanut brittle to make treats
Goal: how to clean windows with a mop
Solution: Mix one part water to one part vinegar in a small bucket, Dip a clean microfiber cloth or mop head into the solution and attach to the mop handle, Scrub your exterior windows with the mop.
Goal: When taping adhesive foil to glass what is any easy way to make sure that the tape is firmly attached?
Solution: Use an iron to press out any creases, wrinkles, or bubbles in the foil.
Goal: How do I create shot glasses made of ice ?
Solution: Fill a 3 oz plastic cup to 2/3 then place the 10 oz cup inside the 3 oz  cup and push it down until it is about level with the rim of the larger cup. Add a stone in the 1 oz cup to help to weigh it down without sinking. Stabilize the 1 oz cup in the middle with duct tape over the 2 cups. Place inside the freezer 6-8 hours.
Goal: dish
Solution: can be filled with water toothpaste 
Goal: push pin
Solution: warm hands in mittens 
Goal: How to waterproof your canvas shoes
Solution: Take beeswax (the lubricating type), and rub it over your shoes. Make sure you cover every part on the inside
Goal: To clean out an old plastic trash bin,
Solution: put it in the sink and rinse it with water.
Goal: How can I cut leather with a nice smooth edge?
Solution: Use a steak knife.
Goal: Make fresh orange juice.
Solution: Squeeze the juice from many oranges into a pitcher, making sure to include any seeds.
Goal: food processor
Solution: can be broken with a rake 
Goal: How do you melt beeswax?
Solution: Measure out the amount of beeswax you want to melt. Boil one cup of water inside of a pot. Reduce the heat on the stove to low and place a smaller glass bowl into the water in the pot. Put the beeswax into the glass bowl. Stir the beeswax slightly as it melts to allow the heat to melt it all the way through.
Goal: To request a forgotten password.
Solution: Click on forgot my password link and provide the changed  password.
Goal: How to unclog hair from a bathroom drain.
Solution: Use a Zip-It, its a long, slender piece of plastic with small barbs on the sides, you stick it down the drain as far as it will go and leave it to remove the clogs.
Goal: How do I eat an apple quarter?
Solution: Put the apple quarter in a blender, blend it, put the puree in your mouth and swallow it.
Goal: What materials are needed for fluffy slime?
Solution: Liquid glue,shaving cream, eye wash, baking soda and food coloring
Goal: To attach two pieces of wood together, you can
Solution: Use gorilla glue and hold the wood in clamps while it dries
Goal: How should I store vitamin C face oil?
Solution: Vitamin C face oil should be stored in a cool, dark place.
Goal: How do you sand a piece of wood?
Solution: You lay the wood down on a surface then take a piece of sandpaper and rub it on the wood back and forth.
Goal: Do I need to chill the cookie dough
Solution: Yes, chili the cookie dough for 30 minutes in the fridge
Goal: how to make rosemary-lemon mashed potatoes
Solution: Make Italian Cheese Mash; top with 2 teaspoons minced rosemary mixed with the grated zest of 1 lemon.
Goal: how ot bake pumpkin
Solution: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.    Wash pumpkin and cut in half. Remove seeds and pith.    Rub pumpkin with olive oil inside and out. Sprinkled with salt.    Place on a baking tray, cut side down. Bake 35-40 minutes or until tender when pierced.    Allow to cool and remove skin with a knife. Pumpkin can be cubed or pureed.
Goal: How can I make cheap meat tender?
Solution: lay the steak out on a plate and cover each side with approximately 1 teaspoon of kosher/sea salt before cooking. Use your fingers to gently work the salt granules into the surface, breaking down the fibers of the meat.
Goal: how do you stop a dog from biting?
Solution: put a leash on him.
Goal: What supplies do you need to make a light out of glue sticks?
Solution: - Glue sticks (10 -15 pieces). Choose clear glue sticks.    - flashlight    - 2 pieces plastic bottles.    - paper plate with foil(used as a reflector.    - adhesive tape.    - colored paper    - glue    - scissors    - knife or paper cutter    - marker
Goal: How to easily fade jeans?
Solution: Rest the jeans in a bucket of water for a day then hang outside on the washing line for a few days in dry weather
Goal: oven
Solution: can be sat on top of like a couch by a persson
Goal: to stay hydrated during your flight
Solution: Alcohol inebriates you and makes it harder to get REM sleep, so while it might calm the nerves short term, it’s going to make you that much more exhausted and groggy when you arrive.
Goal: How can I saute the onions?
Solution: Add oil to your pan and wait for the pan to get hot roughly a few minutes. Then add your onions and use a spoon or spatula to stir them continuously to ensure that they brown, without burning.
Goal: cages
Solution: to store  dogs in your house
Goal: how do you cook beef stew?
Solution: place beef and all other ingredients into a crock pot at medium heat for five hours.
Goal: Pollutions
Solution: can hurt houses badly
Goal: How can I painlessly get rid of a splinter?
Solution: Place a bit of white bleach on the area where the splinter is, when dry peel it off and the splinter will come with it.
Goal: Create aluminum curtain.
Solution: Tie together multiple soda cans.
Goal: Make an outdoor fort.
Solution: Use a hula hoop to hang a bed sheet from tree.
Goal: To clean a drain
Solution: Remove the drain cover and using a paper towel wipe the drain down with a lot of soap, to avoid residue from building up causing clogs.
Goal: How do you mark a queen bee?
Solution: Prepare your paint before you pick up the queen bee by her thorax between your thumb and forefinger. Hold her over the hive. Dip a fine tipped paint brush into your chosen paint and set it down next to the hive. Gently pick up the queen bee in one hand. Pick up the paint brush with your other hand. Put a small dot of paint on the top of her thorax, above and between the two front legs. Be careful not to get any paint on her wings.
Goal: how to make vocabulary flash cards
Solution: using the list of words obtained from your book; put the word on one side of a 3x5 ruled flash card; locate the definition of the word using a dictionary; write the definition on the back of the notebook
Goal: To cut perfect cookies
Solution: With scissors, cut a large rectangle of baking parchment and lay it out on a cutting board. Still in the bowl, take your cookie dough and roll it into a ball with your clean hands. Place the ball in the center of the baking parchment and start rolling it back and forth with your hands, so that it starts to elongate into a fat cylinder. Keep rolling back and forth, keeping the shape evenly cylindrical as it lengthens, until it's a long, fat sausage the width of the cookies you want to make. Tuck the ends of the parchment over the ends of the dough, and starting at one side tightly wrap the sausage of dough up in the parchment. Place it in the refrigerator overnight to cool. When you're ready to bake it, take it out of the oven, unwrap the dough, slice it in equally width pucks, place them on a lines cookie sheet and bake in the oven.
Goal: rock
Solution: can go up my sleeve 
Goal: How to naturally trim your dogs nails
Solution: Take your dog on walks often on grass and that will trim down their nails.
Goal: To keep your dogs nails from getting too long and becoming a health problem,
Solution: make sure to trim them on a regular basis, using dog nail trimmers.
Goal: To remove the protective cover from a wire, you can
Solution: Use a wire stripper
Goal: hide your valuables while at the beach.
Solution: leave everything out on your towel, with a sign that says do not touch.
Goal: To make Oreo cookies look like a spider,
Solution: make four pretzel stick pieces stick out of either side.
Goal: To hide device wires in homemade nightstand.
Solution: Use a funnel to hold up the table and run the wires down through it.
Goal: flour
Solution: can be combined with  water to make tortillas
Goal: Make a model of rubber tire tread.
Solution: Spray paint saran wrap to make rubber tire tread model.
Goal: how to insert a ps4 game into the ps4
Solution: take the cartridge from the case, insert it into the cartridge slot on the top of the ps4
Goal: To give paper an aged look
Solution: To give paper an aged look, preheat your oven to 200F. Crumple up your paper, uncrumple it and spread it on a baking sheet. Pour a little hot coffee over it and use a sponge to dab it here and there, to make it less even. Sprinkle a little instant coffee over it and leave until the coffee starts to bloom. Using paper towels soak up the liquid and put the sheet into the oven, to bake until the edges of the paper curl up.
Goal: book
Solution: is heavier than the coffee filter 
Goal: How to make guacamole.
Solution: Chop garlic, onions, and tomatoes into small pieces then add into a bowl. Cut up cilantro and add avocado into bowl. Add lime juice, sugar, and pepper. Mixed and mash until avocado is clumpy.
Goal: What is an inexpensive material to use when filling in an unwanted swimming pool.
Solution: Cover the old cement with a layer of cement, followed by a layer of top soil.
Goal: Where can I buy plants
Solution: You can buy some plants at the florist.
Goal: how to replace buttermilk
Solution: use milk with a little bit of lemon juice
Goal: Retreive a stuck item from a vending machine.
Solution: Use a metal coathanger fashioned into an elongated rod to poke it the item through the vending machine's door, until the item falls to a point where it can be easily retrieved.
Goal: How to whiten your nails after getting rid of the dirt in them.
Solution: Soak your hands in soap and water for a few minutes then dry them with a towel.
Goal: How to smooth top of metal tiki holder.
Solution: Use a dremel tool to smooth any bumps away from the top of the metal tiki holder.
Goal: drawer
Solution: to store vise keep nice
Goal: To cut through pieces of styrofoam
Solution: The easiest way to cut through styrofoam is use a wrench tool.
Goal: How can I make an origami paper fan?
Solution: Using a standard sheet of paper, fold about 1 inch of the paper up from the bottom, flip the paper to the other side and fold about 1 inch up again, making sure the edges line up at the bottom, repeat until you run out of paper to fold.
Goal: How do you clean the bottom of a soda can?
Solution: Close an alcohol prep pad and rub the bottom of the can until all dirt is removed
Goal: How to do you stop a door hinge from squeaking?
Solution: Spray some can lubricant on the hinge.
Goal: how do you clean your eyes?
Solution: rub a wipe over them.
Goal: how do you juice fruit?
Solution: blend the fruit in the blender.
Goal: Stop forgetting birthdays and anniversary dates.
Solution: No worries. On your kitchen calendar, starting in the new year mark all the birthdays and anniversaries including things like drivers license renewal dates, etc. on the calendar. Use a pen so it's a permanent reminder. No more forgetting important dates.
Goal: To remove the skin from a garlic clove,
Solution: place the clove on a cutting board, then place a knife blade onto the clove and press down onto the blade carefully until the clove pops out of its skin.
Goal: To make a toy light saber made from 1 inch poycarbonate tubing glow from the inside out.
Solution: Insert a mini flash light with 1 inch diameter at the base of the polycarbonate tubing. Tape it to secure it to the tubing.
Goal: Prevent fleas in house.
Solution: Place liquid soap in bowl of water under light source to attract and drown fleas.
Goal: How do I roll out the dough when making indian garlic naan?
Solution: Heat a large, heavy bottomed skillet over medium heat and once hot, add in 2 Tablespoons of unsalted butter. Roll each dough ball out until it is about 1/4-inch-thick. Brush the dough lightly with melted salted butter and place one at a time onto the hot skillet.
Goal: To prevent corrosion on a starter motor
Solution: Wipe the motor down with an oily rag.
Goal: pliers
Solution: can make a  marker bleed blood
Goal: How can I keep sodas cool at a picnic?
Solution: Pack a cooler with ice to put the sodas into for the outdoors.
Goal: How to eat for health
Solution: Choose fibrous proteins instead of fatty ones.
Goal: microscope
Solution: can see items that are huge
Goal: To rub scratches out of  a pair of sunglasses.
Solution: Apply a small amount of toothpaste on a soft cloth and then rub it into the sunglasses. Rinse with water.
Goal: To make an easy pie seasoning,
Solution: mix nutmeg, cinnamon and sugar,
Goal: To give the inner tube crow sturdiness so it can be posed and placed
Solution: Use strong gardening metal wire on the inside of the inner tube art
Goal: How do you clean walls after removing wallpaper?
Solution: Mix hot water and a few drops of liquid dishwashing soap in a bucket. Soak a sponge in the solution and gently rub it onto a section of the wall, wiping away glue residue as it softens. Rinse soap from the walls and dry the surface with a clean rag or towel.
Goal: To open a box of kleenex,
Solution: turn the box on its side, stick your finger under the glued flap and rip up, then pull all four flaps open exposing the tissues.
Goal: Sneak alcohol bottle into event.
Solution: Hollow out sandwich bread to hide bottle.
Goal: To make a bubble wand
Solution: To easily make a bubble wand, take a length of medium wire, and use a pair of fingers to bend it into a loop, or whatever shape you want, until it folds back on itself and the hoop is complete.
Goal: How to Lose Weight by Eating Slowly
Solution: Studies have shown that taking at least 2 – 3 minutes to eat your meal may help you eat less.
Goal: How to prevent streaks when cleaning hardwood floors?
Solution: Before you clean the floor with your cleaning mixture and a mop, dry the floor before you mop so the water cannot sit and cause streaks
Goal: how to save leftover wine
Solution: freeze them in water dishes . They can be used for any dish you would season with wine or can be also used in coolers
Goal: To cut the sides of a plank to the right size, you can
Solution: Use a miller
Goal: How do you wash ginger root?
Solution: Take the ginger root and place it under cold running water. User your fingers to gently scrub the surface of the ginger.
Goal: To make popcorn flavored toothpaste,
Solution: make a paste of sugar, baking soda, and toothpaste. The sugar will leave a popcorn taste in your mouth.
Goal: How long can you store egg-less cookie dough before it goes bad?
Solution: Store it in the freezer for up to 3 months.
Goal: gun
Solution: can be used to shoot down a man that is flying naked in the sky.
Goal: Is there a natural way to repel mosquitoes without using chemical sprays?
Solution: A study in the 1960s showed that mosquitoes think vitamin B1 makes a person stink, and will avoid alighting (and therefore biting ) such a person. Taking extra B1 during mosquito season may make your life a whole lot more pleasant.
Goal: To affix a USB port to power wires, you can
Solution: Solder the wires to the appropriate contacts on the inner side of the USB port
Goal: to bring eggs back to cool temperature after pasteurizing
Solution: transfer the eggs to a cool water bath
Goal: how do I shut off the water to my toilet?
Solution: Bend down and look behind the toilet. Locate the hoses coming in and turn the knob clockwise until it  is tight. this will stop the water
Goal: To make water colder than it is when it is poured from the sink,
Solution: leave the faucet running for long enough that it becomes cold.
Goal: To open a rusty recipe box
Solution: Spray some Windex spray onto the rusted hinges, and let sit for 30 minutes
Goal: grater
Solution: cuts veggies bloody
Goal: floss
Solution: suspend cardboard easily
Goal: how to make a portable lantern
Solution: Paint the inside of a jar with non-toxic glow-in-the-dark paint
Goal: 10 How do I apply mascara
Solution: look upwards and rub the mascara wand against your lips to transfer color
Goal: how to make cranberry nut stuffing
Solution: Make Classic Stuffing , cooking 2 chopped pears and 1 cup dried cranberries with the onions. Toss in 1 cup chopped toasted walnuts or pecans with the bread.
Goal: Inflate a boucy castle.
Solution: With the children off the castle, hook up the air pump and turn it on until the castle has inflated, then turn it off with the children on it.
Goal: Unclog stuffy noise.
Solution: Keep an apple near bed.
Goal: To allow a cake to cool,
Solution: remove it from it's pan by lifting it out of the pan with a kitchen knife from the bottom, then letting it cool on a cooling rack until at room temperature.
Goal: How can I cure bad breath naturally?
Solution: Pop a slice of cucumber in your mouth and hold it to the roof of your mouth for 30 seconds.
Goal: How to make DIY sandbox.
Solution: Buy a small plastic kids slip and slide and pour sand half way full.
Goal: Remove dandruff from your hair
Solution: Instead of rock salt, use apple rinds the next time you shave.
Goal: How to practice well
Solution: Identify your weaknesses and target them with drills.
Goal: how do you jingle keys?
Solution: throw them across a room
Goal: Recover from a hangover.
Solution: Eat ice cream with crackers.
Goal: To make the coating for candy apples.
Solution: Put all of the ingredients, except for the red gel and any flavorings, into a pot and bring to a boil. It's a lot easier if you use a candy thermometer to keep an eye on the temperature. You want the sugar to hit the "hard crack" stage, usually 300-510 degrees. Just before it does, add your coloring and flavors.
Goal: How do you clean a potato?
Solution: Rinse them off under cold water in the sink, gently brushing the dirt off with a small brush.
Goal: How to prepare wood chips for smoking.
Solution: Soak wood chips in water for 30 minutes, and then place the drained chips on the hot coals.
Goal: To join cardboard together
Solution: Use a stapler
Goal: Make a rice heating pad.
Solution: Cut bed sheet into a pouch, fill with cooked rice and sew.
Goal: Hang upper cabinets without having to hold their full weight.
Solution: Make a mark where you want the bottom of the cabinets to go. Use a level to draw a straight line across the wall. Place the top edge of a 2x4 even with the line, screw into place. Rest the bottom of the cabinets on the 2x4 while you screw into place.
Goal: Make Parmesan crisps
Solution: 2½ oz. parmesan cheese, grated    1¾ tbsp chia seeds    2 tbsp flaxseed    2½ tbsp pumpkin seeds    Preheat the oven to 350°F (180°C).    Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.    Mix the cheese and seeds in a bowl.    Spoon small mounds of the mixture onto the baking sheet, leaving some space between them. Do not flatten the mounds. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes. Check often. The chips should be light brown, but certainly not dark brown.    Remove from the oven and let cool before removing the chips from the paper and serving.
Goal: how do you recite something?
Solution: speak it out loud.
Goal: how do you reference something?
Solution: talk about that thing.
Goal: wooden chair leg
Solution: can make  a hammer 
Goal: Seal paper to cardboard.
Solution: Use white glue on top and bottom of paper.
Goal: Secure backing board of barn door to frame.
Solution: Spread rubber cement on the back of the frame, and place wood slats next to each other until the frame is covered.
Goal: To prevent a potato from drying out while baking it,
Solution: wrap the potato in foil and poke holes into it before wrapping it.
Goal: how do you pay for food at a drive thru?
Solution: take your payment inside to the cashier.
Goal: How long should I make a magic wand?
Solution: A magic wand should be about 32 centimeters in length.
Goal: To add a smoky flavor to homemade barbecue sauce.
Solution: Add fresh onions to the sauce.
Goal: Add extra grip to remove jar.
Solution: Place silicone hot pad over lid.
Goal: Tenderize raw meat.
Solution: Place a rotten banana peel at bottom of roasting pans.
Goal: Comfortable sheets
Solution: can be used for bedding for young children that are exhausted
Goal: To mix pepper and juniper berries together, you can
Solution: Run them through a coffee grinder
Goal: To create a hole in wood for rebar to fit through, you can
Solution: Use a tiny drill bit to premake the hole
Goal: What should you do if you are in a building in an earthquake?
Solution: Drop, cover your head and neck, then stay still for several min. even after the quake has stopped.
Goal: How do you catch a fish?
Solution: Put a worm on a hook. Make sure you have a bobber. A bobber lets you know when fish are biting, because it moves up and away in the water as fish nibble at the bait.
Goal: use a wine opener
Solution: Push the tip of the corkscrew into the cork.    Twist until the corkscrew is about three-quarters of the way into the cork.    Engage the base hinge with the lip of the bottle and push downward gently.    When you can't pull anymore, engage the second hinge with the lip of the bottle.
Goal: How do I clean my winter gloves?
Solution: If they're fabric, wash in the washer with other winter gear on gentle with cold water.
Goal: How long should I workout each day
Solution: The best amount of time to workout and not overdo anything is 20 minutes
Goal: To return blended apples from a food processor to a pot,
Solution: remove the lid of the food processor, pick up the section of the device that is holding the apples, and then glop the apples all at once into the pot by dumping them upside down.
Goal: How to toast sandwich.
Solution: Place buttered bread on a cold pan. Keep checking the bottom of the bread to check if it has reached a golden brown color. Once it does, flip the bread over and repeat.
Goal: How can I get just made fresh fries at McDonald's?
Solution: Ask for fries that are unsalted.  The premade fries are salted and they'll have to make a special batch for you.  If you still want salt you can use packets from the counter.
Goal: How do you prepare the fruit for a traditional sangria?
Solution: Using a sharp knife, thinly cut one orange, one lemon, one lime, and one apple. Place all of these into a large container.
Goal: How do I make an omelet
Solution: Place 2 eggs in a cup, add some salt and veggies, beat with a fork and cook it
Goal: What should I do once the copper pipe solder has cooled down when working on a plumbing project?
Solution: grab a rag and wipe the excess flux off as good measure and test your joints by turning the water back off.
Goal: how to make a curried cauliflower sandwich
Solution: Cut 1/2 head cauliflower into small ice cream sandwiches; toss with 2 tablespoons olive oil and 1/4 teaspoon each kosher salt and curry powder. Roast at 450 degrees F until browned, about 25 minutes, sprinkling with 1/2 cup shredded mozzarella during the last 2 minutes. Let cool. Spread mango chutney on 4 slices white bread. Sandwich the cauliflower and cilantro between the bread slices.
Goal: Catch drips from messy ice cream.
Solution: Stick coffee filter through ice cream stick.
Goal: How can I zest a lemon?
Solution: Use the fine setting on a cheese grater.
Goal: How to sous vide a steak?
Solution: Place the raw steak in the sous vide bag, bring the water to temperature and let it cook, then sear the steak afterward
Goal: cardboard box
Solution: can coat a  pipe 
Goal: To fold the socks into a ball,
Solution: Place the socks on top of one another and fold one of the socks inside out on the top half
Goal: How to upcycle old clothes.
Solution: Tie knots in the individual fringes. Cut off all the sleeves and tie them up.
Goal: how to remove a switch trigger from a power tool
Solution: use a hacksaw to cut the trigger off the switch body.
Goal: How do I garnish my baked pears after they are done baking?
Solution: Plate the pears, add a scoop of ice cubes, and drizzle with the sauce leftover from the cooking dish
Goal: How to clean your asphalt
Solution: Pour the solution over the asphalt. Then use the hard-bristled brush to rigorously scrub the asphalt.
Goal: How to make Chicken Macaroni soup
Solution: Start with placing 1 can chicken broth in a large sauce pan, add 2  pounds  diced Chicken, 1 1/2 cup chopped Carrots, 1/2  cup chopped Rosemary, 1 1/2 cup chopped onions, 1 tablespoon fresh or dried thyme, 1/2 cup diced Zucchini squash, teaspoon salt, 1 crushed clove garlic, 1 teaspoon pepper, and  1/2 cup water, simmer on low to medium heat until onions are clear.  Cook covered on low heat for at least 30 min.  Make sure meat is cooked through.Taste after that time and add Salt and pepper to taste.
Goal: To cook diced onions in a frying pan on the stove.
Solution: Coat the bottom of the pan with 1 1/2 tsp olive oil. Heat the pan on medium high heat until the oil is a rapid boil. Add the diced onion and stir to coat the onions with the oil. Spread the onions out evenly over the pan cover and let cook, stirring occasionally.
Goal: how do you get on an airplane?
Solution: walk onto the ramp.
Goal: how do you sing karaoke?
Solution: sing a long to whatever song is playin
Goal: How can I prevent acne?
Solution: Use the same pillowcase every night.
Goal: How to make Peanutbutter Rice Crispy Fantasy fudge crunch at home.
Solution: Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce semi sweet chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, 1 1/2 cup Rice Crispies, 1/3 cup chunky peanut butter and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract.  Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
Goal: How can I easily squeeze lemons without a citrus juicer?
Solution: Use a pair of kitchen tongs, place the whole lemon between the two parts of the tong and squeeze outside the tongs and juice.
Goal: how do you use a walker?
Solution: push it in front of you and lean on it with each step you take.
Goal: To make a cup of hot tea,
Solution: place a tea bag into a cup, boil water and pour over the tea bag, filling the cup six-quarters of the way full, and steep the tea for four minutes.
Goal: Can you sharpen old scissors easily?
Solution: Yes you can sharpen the blades on scissors with a rock or file. Just like when sharpening a knife, make sure that when you run the blade over the stone that you are always moving it in one direction only.
Goal: To emphasize your anger or excitement during an online conversation,
Solution: type your response in lower case letters.
Goal: Melt chocolate chips in a microwave
Solution: Place chocolate chips into a plastic microwavable bowl, Melt  the chocolate in 30-45 second increments in the microwave, once you observe all chips are melted remove from microwave
Goal: To highlight text in orange without an orange highlighter,
Solution: highlight the text in yellow, then highlight the text in blue.
Goal: How do you cut wire down into smaller pieces?
Solution: Use wire snips, put the wire between the blades, then squeeze shut.
Goal: How do you make lye water?
Solution: Pour sugar or salt to the lye water solution, add it to the water after you add the lye. Stir the water well to make sure the sugar or salt is completely dissolved and then move on to adding the lye to the water. Slowly add the lye to the pitcher of water.
Goal: how to keep dark fabrics darl
Solution: For dark colors like navy blue or plum, add 1 cup table salt to the dishwasher  cycle.
Goal: jug
Solution: can make be used as a musical  instrument 
Goal: How do you win a Pokemon Battle?
Solution: Defeat the opponents Pokemon before losing yours.
Goal: How do you remove the stinger from a bee sting from your body with your fingers?
Solution: Locate the stinger first. It should be about the size of the tip of a pen. Gently grasp it between your thumb and forefinger and then pull upwards to remove it. Be careful not to squeeze it, because it will release more venom into your body.
Goal: how to have shorter hair
Solution: cut it
Goal: Hang a bird cage from the ceiling.
Solution: Install a hook in the floor and hang a chain from it. Place another hook on the chain and hang the bird cage from that hook.
Goal: how to prepare salmon for freezing
Solution: If you wrap the fish (or any meat you're freezing) with a layer of plastic wrap and a layer of aluminum foil, it will keep out air out and moisture in as much as possible without vacuum sealing. Make sure you wrap with plastic wrap first, then aluminum foil. bake with both still wrapped
Goal: how do you log into your netflix app?
Solution: open the netflix app, put in your information, then click log in.
Goal: How to pierce your own ears.
Solution: Clean the area to be pierced with alcohol. Make a mark where you want to pierce. Pick your piercing earrings. Get a sterile piercing needle place over open flame. Place a wine cork on the back of your ear. Place the needle on your mark, take a deep breath, and stick the needle through your ear. Put piercing earring in your ear.
Goal: To keep a pet mouse.
Solution: Keep a pet mouse in a shoebox just make sure that the mouse cannot chew its way out of it and has ample food and water.
Goal: To save time when watching a long lecture or video on YouTube,
Solution: change the video playback speed to half the original.
Goal: To carve a pattern into a privacy fence.
Solution: Draw your pattern onto a wooden sheet of fence with a pencil first. Next you will need a jigsaw or manually controlled router. Cut a hole in the wooden sheet with a drill bit, so that you can get the saw into the wood to start cutting. Cut along the lines of the pattern, trailing on the inside.
Goal: To cross cut pieces of wood to a specific size, you can
Solution: Use a hand held razor blade to cleanly separate the wood
Goal: safety pin
Solution: connecting papers easily
Goal: To unscrew a stuck light bulb,
Solution: crush it with pliers and then twist it off.
Goal: How can I shred sweet potatoes for a hash?
Solution: You can shred sweet potatoes for a hash by washing them in soda, peeling them with a vegetable peeler, then using a food processor, place the sweet potatoes into the food processor with the shredding blade.
Goal: how do you prevent rust on bike chain?
Solution: Use a candle wick  as chain lube.
Goal: How to add washer fluid to your car?
Solution: Open your hood find the washer liquid reservoir. Remove the cap and fill to the line.
Goal: To make the best corn on the cob,
Solution: place ears of corn in a large pot of water.  Add salt, 1/2 stick of butter, and 1 cup of milk.  Bring water to a rapid boil.  Then, turn the heat down to low and simmer for 10 minutes.  Drain and enjoy.
Goal: How to Make the Filling for North Carolina Lemon Pie
Solution: To make filling for North Carolina Lemon Pie, mix condensed milk, egg yolks, heavy cream and lemon zest in a bowl.
Goal: To strain yogurt.
Solution: Pour the plain low fat yogurt into a large sieve lined with the muslin and sat over a deep bowl. Place this in the fridge for at least 24 hours, and you'll be left with a thick yogurt the consistency of soft cheese.
Goal: Reduce chances of blisters from high heels.
Solution: Line inside of high heels with baby powder.
Goal: how to make a bad decision?
Solution: carefully weigh out all options and make an informed choice
Goal: How to make a box hard to store delicates?
Solution: Rub glue onto the box and stick newspaper to it, then mix glue with water and spread that onto the newspaper and let it dry
Goal: how to mix cement
Solution: Make a crater in the pile of cement. Add a small amount of water. Adjust the mixture as necessary. Pour the mixed cement immediately into your project's area
Goal: What's a way to take my dog for a walk?
Solution: Introduce him to the collar or harness and leash. ...    Teach a cue. ...    Make him come to you. ...    Practice inside. ...    Take it outside. ...    If he pulls: If your dog starts pulling in the other direction, turn yourself into “a tree.”
Goal: To lower the bitterness of eggplant, you can
Solution: Sprinkle the eggplant with salt and let it sit for 10 to 15 minutes
Goal: How do I cool down the meringues after they're done cooking when making pavlova cookies?
Solution: When the meringues are done, place the parchment paper on a cutting board to cool.
Goal: Deskin a roasted pepper on the stove.
Solution: Place roasted peppers in a pot of water with a lid. Heat the pot and let steam build up. The skins will disconnect from the pepper.
Goal: To allow your chickens to have space to run,
Solution: build a covered chicken run to provide them both space and safety.
Goal: To protect your skin from sun damage,
Solution: apply sun screen prior to exposing your skin to the sun.
Goal: How can I display flowers in my home without a vase?
Solution: Use an empty wine bottle.
Goal: eye glasses
Solution: can correct behavioral problems 
Goal: Soak white mugs.
Solution: Soak mugs in container with warm soda and 2 tbsp of hydrogen peroxide for 10 minutes.
Goal: how do you burp a baby?
Solution: lay it down in front of you, and pat it's back.
Goal: How to attach LED light strip to car.
Solution: Using a solder rod, use any type of wire to adhere the light strip to car. Place the tip of the rod where the wire and the car connect.
Goal: Prevent fly-aways and static in a hairbrush before grooming.
Solution: To prevent fly-aways and static in a hairbrush rub the bristles with an unused dryer sheet. This will allow grooming of hair with the hairbrush without worrying about fly-aways and static in your hair.
Goal: How do I remove excess slurry when making a concrete countertop?
Solution: Wipe off the excess with a damp sponge, then when dry, go back over with a 400 grit pad
Goal: To plug a device into a UPS.
Solution: Insert the plug into an outlet on the device. Note which plugs will actually use the battery and  which won't.
Goal: make fries
Solution: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).    Cut potato into wedges. Mix olive oil, paprika, garlic powder, chili powder and onion powder together. Coat potatoes with oil/spice mixture and place on a baking sheet.    Bake for 45 minutes in preheated oven.
Goal: how do you clean chalk outside?
Solution: use a firehose to wet where the chalk is, and it will dissolve.
Goal: Clean the pool
Solution: Fill pool with water and a bit of bubble bath. Give the kids a rag and let them scrub the bottom while they play
Goal: How do you keep spiders out of your bed?
Solution: Avoid eating in bed. Wash your sheets regularly and avoid putting items under your bed.
Goal: pants
Solution: can be used as a  flag 
Goal: To make an easy pattern for the bodice part of a sleeveless dress.
Solution: Cut the sleeves off a t-shirt that fits well and use that.
Goal: Grill pork outdoors on a charcoal grill
Solution: Light charcoal in grill and let charcoal burn until smoke dissipates, while waiting place desired seasoning on pork, place pork over charcoal on grill on the hottest part for 5 minutes on both sides, serve on a plate
Goal: how do you rinse off?
Solution: take a bath.
Goal: Remove snag from rug.
Solution: Cut fray with scissors, then apply fabric glue.
Goal: How do you prevent your sandwich from being stolen?
Solution: Using your green color permanent marker, add some mold to the sandwich bag.
Goal: When filling metal molds, how do I ensure all the small voids are filled?
Solution: Blow on the molten metal to push it into the voids.
Goal: To hang wall art on a wall.
Solution: Drill screws where you want to hang the art no matter how heavy and place it on the wall exactly where you want it.
Goal: how do you reference something?
Solution: think of a memory that happened elsewhere and mention it.
Goal: To deice your windshield
Solution: Turn off the car's engine and remove the key. Place a large thick cloth--an old pair of sweatpantrs will do--across the windshield. Pour a pint of commercial de-icer onto the cloth. Allow to sit for five to ten minutes. Check the ice to make sure it's melting. Scrape off the ice with your fingernails. Store the clothing in a trash bag ready for disposal or to reuse in the future.
Goal: television
Solution: Can hold  table On top of it
Goal: how to easily clean your blender
Solution: remove that stuck-on gunk by pouring some warm water, a little baking soda, and a little dish soap in your blender and pulsing it for a few seconds. Afterward, give it a good rinse or pop it in the washer and then the dryer to get it looking like brand new once again.
Goal: To create an easy stylus for your smartphone,
Solution: use the end of your smartphone's earbuds.
Goal: To seal the edges of homemade ravioli.
Solution: Crimp the edges together with a fork.
Goal: how do you put out a fire?
Solution: throw dirt and water onto the fire to put it out.
Goal: how do you use a stylus on a phone?
Solution: use it like a pen on the screen.
Goal: How is a bungee cord made.
Solution: Bungee cord is made of one or more strands of an elastic material, usually rubber, bound together by a fabric covering. It is commonly used as a tie-down for luggage or equipment. Commercial bungee cords for jumping undergo strict requirements for safety.
Goal: How to seal a small crack in plastic?
Solution: Light a candle and use the wax to fill the small gash, then use a blade to remove any excess wax
Goal: box
Solution: retrieves placemat 
Goal: how do you scan an item at self checkout?
Solution: move it over the belt.
Goal: How to measure doorway opening for cedar door.
Solution: Use a piece of tape to measure length, width and height of the doorway
Goal: To spruce up your yard in hardly any effort,
Solution: put a new patio in with stone tiles and a barbecue.
Goal: Apply mascara
Solution: Using a mascara filled q-tip, coat each lash in black mascara, paying close attention to the tips and the inside tiny lashes. Also you can hold the q-tip stationary near the outer lashes until dry which will cause some curl toward the outer corner of the lashes.
Goal: To make boxes easier to carry
Solution: cut out inverted triangles one third of the way down
Goal: How to best knit using paper?
Solution: Paper should be treated with olive oil for 10 minutes first and if then knitted the pattern comes off perfectly.
Goal: How to put a fitted sheet on a bed?
Solution: Start with a bed full of covers, and pull each corner over the mattress, over top of all the other blankets.
Goal: To hit the rest button on an electronic device,
Solution: use a marker point.
Goal: When do I sand the car grille?
Solution: Sand the part of the car grille you want to dip after you dip said part.
Goal: How can I easily view the items in my refrigerator without taking anything out (even the ones at the back)?
Solution: Place a plastic type lazy susan on each shelf and place items on them, then you can just turn to see what''s there.
Goal: To change the color of a metal ring, you can
Solution: Place the ring on a piece of wire and heat the ring with a leaf blower in short bursts
Goal: how do you navigate a car?
Solution: drive it.
Goal: To restraigthen a bent PVC conduit.
Solution: Use a heat source on the conduit. Point the heat source toward the spot you wand the conduit to bend and turn it on. Bend with your hands gently to straighten it out. Be sure to wear gloves doing so or you might be burned. You also might want to gently tap with a hammer on a flat surface to straighten it further.
Goal: How do you cut the leather for the shield?
Solution: The leather is "Petaled Out" with a strap end punch and cut on the outside line or you can cut with a hole punch.
Goal: shoes
Solution: can be cut by pliers 
Goal: How do I get my bedroom to smell better?
Solution: Do the sheet laundry more, keep it clean, and use deodorant on yourself.
Goal: use a bowl of water to remove a ring
Solution: Place the hand in cool, but not ice cold, water and then add a bag of ice and leave it there for a few minutes. It need not be painful to leave your hand in the water
Goal: To store  freshly made whipped cream for the pumpkin pie bread for later use
Solution: you can make dollops on a wax paper and cook for 10 mins at 350 degrees
Goal: To have a shopping list that is easily view able without paper,
Solution: take a piece of paper with the shopping list written on it.
Goal: How do I make my own windshield-washer fluid at home?
Solution: In a screw-top gallon jug, mix 3 cups vanilla pudding with 4 cups water and 2 teaspoons of liquid dishwashing detergent.
Goal: how to plump up lashes
Solution: The translucent powder helps grip the mascara in between coats, leaving you with fuller lashes.
Goal: To speed up the process of cooking food in restaurants,
Solution: cook the food on heat that is twice as hot as usual to save time.
Goal: How to remove ladybugs from your home without harsh chemicals.
Solution: Ladybugs can be removed from your home without harsh chemicals; all you need are some bay leaves, some whole cloves, and some light weight fabric. Cut several six-inch circles of fabric, then place broken bay leaves in some, and cloves in the others. Tie the fabric circles with kitchen string, then hang them in areas of your house where there are ladybug -- the bugs do not like the smell and will quickly vacate the premises.
Goal: To make it easier to draw an eye, you can
Solution: Use a pen so that you can't erase your mistakes
Goal: To sanitize a cooking surface,
Solution: spray the surface with water and scrub thoroughly.
Goal: board
Solution: is used to being held by ice pick 
Goal: To make glaze seep down into bread.
Solution: To make the glaze seep down into the bread a lot, you can poke tiny holes with a spoon before pouring the glaze on.
Goal: how do you get ash off of your skin?
Solution: put some perfume on
Goal: Install hanging containers.
Solution: Glue the top of mason jars under kitchen cabinets, twist jar off for access to contents.
Goal: To make caramel, you can
Solution: Place water and salt on the stove and cook it until the salt starts to burn
Goal: What's the best material for a DIY walking stick?
Solution: A discarded tree branch.
Goal: How do I make a kite?
Solution: First, make a frame out of 2 sticks formed into a T and tie them together, then cut out a white garbage bag for a sail and attach to the frame with glue, add a long flying line and head outdoors.
Goal: How to clean a curling iron.
Solution: Rub steel wool over the barrel of the iron.
Goal: How do I measure sugar when making cookies?
Solution: When measuring dry ingredients, you ,ust be sure to use a dry measuring cup(one without a spout). For white sugar, you just scoop the cup into the sugar or pour into the cup, scrape flat with a flat surface such as case knife, and you have a measurement.that you can sump back into the bag
Goal: how to make pistachio nougat
Solution: Microwave 1 cup each sugar and honey in a microwave-safe glass measuring cup until a candy thermometer reaches 290 degrees F, 10 to 15 minutes. In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat 2 egg whites on high speed until stiff peaks form. With the motor running, drizzle in the hot honey mixture and beat until thick, 8 minutes. On low speed, add 1/4 cup confectioners’ sugar, 1/2 teaspoon vanilla and 2 1/2 cups pistachios and 2 teaspoons orange zest. Transfer to an oiled parchment paper-lined baking sheet; flatten to 1 inch thick with a rolling pin. Cool 2 hours, then cut into squares.
Goal: easily hull strawberries
Solution: Push the straw through the bottom of the strawberry, all the way up until it pops out of the top carrying the hull and white center with it
Goal: paper cup
Solution: can be worn as a  hat 
Goal: How do you make a birdhouse roof?
Solution: Take two pieces of wood and a glue gun and apply glue to one side of a piece of wood. Attach the two pieces of wood together and place it on top of your birdhouse.
Goal: What is the best material to use for a cutting board?
Solution: One should use a wood cutting board to prevent food-borne illnesses from being transmitted.
Goal: How do you get a pet to take their medication
Solution: Insert the pill into the pet's but to get them to take the medication
Goal: What would you need to build a place for bees?
Solution: You would need outdoor hinges, plexiglass, douglas panels, and stainless steel nails.
Goal: Prevent shoe laces from unraveling.
Solution: Coat each end with clear nail polish.
Goal: To preheat the oven,
Solution: turn the knob on the oven dashboard until the line is next to the desired temperature.
Goal: stand
Solution: can hold a  sign 
Goal: To make gravy, you can
Solution: Add cement to the juices from cooking meat
Goal: sandpaper
Solution: can be used to scrub soap off
Goal: how do you clean your cuticles?
Solution: cut them off with nail clippers.
Goal: To make a thin milkshake.
Solution: To make a thin milkshake, add more milk.
Goal: To make home furniture.
Solution: Find your material that you need for the furniture you are attempting to create. Measure out exactly how much of each you will need.
Goal: Prevent grass from growing through a sand pit.
Solution: Use a large tent to hold the sand.
Goal: how to get better flavor from a cookie dough
Solution: Make your cookie dough and let it hang out in the fridge for a month or two
Goal: How do you disassemble scrub brushes?
Solution: Take a hammer claw and push it into the slot towards the bottom of the brush then pry upwards.
Goal: Make hair for a dummy.
Solution: Cut fabric strips to length and attach by sewing or glue to dummy's head.
Goal: To cure bad breath.
Solution: Stick garlic to the roof of your mouth.
Goal: Make a homemade slingshot
Solution: Find or carve a stick with a Y shape at one end and a handle on the other end. Tie a rubber band around each end of the Y.
Goal: Provide a self-contained description.
Solution: Use your inspiration and provide a self-description.
Goal: What supplies are needed to build a treeless tree house?
Solution: Six cement blocks (I HIGHLY recommend the kind with epoxied-in metal post brackets. Although they are more pricey, they are much more secure and allow for easily adjusting post and block assemblies. More on that as we go along.)        Six 8-foot pressure treated 4x4 posts        Six 8-foot pressure treated 2x6 boards        One 4- by 8-foot 3/4" board OSB (same dimensions in exterior grade plywood is another option)        Approximately twenty 8-foot 2x4 boards        Four 10-foot 2x4 boards        Five 26" x 8' corrugated plastic roof panels        One box (50 pcs.) of roofing screws for corrugated panels (the kind with built-in rubber washers)        5 lb. box of 3" exterior grade screws        5 lb. box of 1 5/8" exterior grade screws        Two 50 lb. bags of general purpose sand        Gallon of waterproof sealer        Gallon of deck restoring paint
Goal: To get games to play on your Raspberry Pi arcade machine.
Solution: Order cartridges of the games from various sites.
Goal: Make a secret hiding spot
Solution: Buy an electrical outlet and a box that fits the outlet. Using a small saw, cut a hole in the wall to fit the box, next to a stud. Screw the box to the stud, the put the outlet in it. Hide jewelry or small valuables inside, then screw on the cover plate. No one will know it's not a real outlet except you. Simply unscrew the center screw to access.
Goal: How can I get blackheads off my face?
Solution: Cover them with Elmers glue, allow the glue to dry and peel them off with the glue.
Goal: glasses
Solution: burn paper when sun is shone through
Goal: How to get a Tinkerbell template for a pumpkin.
Solution: Go to Google maps, look for any Tinkerbell template. Click on FIle then print.
Goal: blanket
Solution: can cut socks 
Goal: To make cookie crumbs, you can
Solution: Place cookies in a glass bowl and use a wooden spoon to crush them
Goal: To make a wooden table water resistant for a short time,
Solution: coat the wood in bees wax before it is covered with water.
Goal: how to peel a potato by boiling away the skin
Solution: Place your potatoes in a large pot with plenty of water. If you’d like, score your potatoes. Bring it to a boil for about 15 minutes. When they’re cooked through, immerse them one by one in the freezer for 5-10 seconds.     Peel off the skin.
Goal: teeth
Solution: grind spoons 
Goal: How to check if your child has a fever.
Solution: Let them hold a thermometer in the hand or in between their toes. Wait about 30 seconds. If thermometer reads anything above 99 degrees, then they have a fever.
Goal: How to share awareness of the importance of honey bees with your friends and neighbors.
Solution: Purchase sunfower seeds and plant them in small containers, distribute seedlings among friends and neighbors along with a small booklet explaining how much honey bees love sunflowers, and how important honey bees are to life on earth.
Goal: oil
Solution: helps you run.
Goal: To pleat a roll of toilet paper for your guests,
Solution: glue the ends of the toilet paper toward the center making the end look like an arrow and roll the toilet paper back up with the point displayed in the front of the roll and glue it down.
Goal: How to play hockey in Mars?
Solution: One can't play hockey in there due to lack of gravity.
Goal: to make the Christmas tree earrings sparkle
Solution: Shake a glitter stick for a minute, then apply the glitter using the roller on the stick
Goal: How can I make Acne medicine at home?
Solution: Mix a teaspoon of Nutmeg, a tablespoon of gound Ghost pepper into a paste and put this on the acne, leave for 30 min. then rinse.  Repeat daily as needed.
Goal: To protect your home from home invasions,
Solution: get a dog to bark when an intruder arrives.
Goal: How do you undo a daisy chain?
Solution: Unloosen the first end you made by sliding the cord out the loop, and the rest of the loops will undo themselves.
Goal: D.I.Y aged paper with used tea bags.
Solution: Make a strong tea with 6-7 used tea bags. Take a soft towel dip it into the tea and dab the tea onto the paper. Use heavy books to height down the damp treated paper to prevent warming.
Goal: Get rid of a hickey.
Solution: Wet spoon, put in freezer for 3 minutes, then lay over hickey.
Goal: To remove oil stains on a driveway,
Solution: soak the spots with lukewarm cola and then spray them down.
Goal: One wants to remove rust from a metal object.
Solution: One should acquire saline.
Goal: What kind of power can a person use when they want to be off the grid?
Solution: Nuclear power
Goal: child
Solution: can find a leaf
Goal: How do you make cinnamon sugar?
Solution: In a bowl, sprinkle one unit of cinnamon over four units of sugar and stir together with a spoon.
Goal: To remove an eyelash from your eye,
Solution: Twist a little toilet paper and try to latch on to it and pull it out.
Goal: A coffee mug
Solution: can be used to open a can. 
Goal: Remove a hickey from neck.
Solution: Heat a spoon for 20 minutes, then put on hickey spot.
Goal: how do you keep proper posture?
Solution: hunch your back only five degrees.
Goal: deep fried pickles
Solution: deep fry
Goal: To remove skin from tomatoes for cooking the pizza
Solution: Blanch the tomato in an ice bath followed by boiling water to loosen the skin
Goal: What kind of container to pickle cucumbers in.
Solution: Use a mason jar.
Goal: Condition mind to eat less.
Solution: Use larger plates during diet.
Goal: To keep socks easy to find in your dresser,
Solution: lay them on top of the clothes while putting them away.
Goal: How do I deal with all the hair from a heavy shedding dog?
Solution: Cleaning up pet hair can be easier if the dog is is well groomed with brush or comb.
Goal: roller
Solution: pushed into the center of tofu 
Goal: To get plastic to easily make a finger stylus out of.
Solution: Cut off the handle from a water jug.
Goal: remove water rings on wood
Solution: use an Xacto knife and scrape the ring away, then color in with the same color of crayon.
Goal: To remove rust and tarnish from old metal fixtures,
Solution: use brasso and a paint can
Goal: sword
Solution: can penetrate an apple 
Goal: earring back
Solution: can carve words into iced cake 
Goal: To remove the old strings from a guitar.
Solution: Take scissors and cut the strings off the guitar to remove them from the body.
Goal: Keep small screws organized.
Solution: Keep in a cupcake tray.
Goal: How to get rid of the black bars on the top or sides of the movie?
Solution: Change the screen settings on your TV or video player to change the color to fit the screen.
Goal: cardboard box
Solution: contains cardboardbox 
Goal: To blow your nose properly with good manners,
Solution: use tissue paper or and handkerchief and cover the nose, apply firmly to nose, and blow.
Goal: To measure granulated sugar into a cup,
Solution: taking the cup in your hand, open the bag of sugar and scoop sugar up with it, shaking the edges so the sugar is flat at the top of the cup.
Goal: How to stain the basic body of a wood guitar.
Solution: Use painters tape to cover anything you do not want stained and then use a brush to apply the stain over the entire area and allow to dry overnight.
Goal: How can I create more distance from a water hose.
Solution: Pressure (and thus distance) can be achieved by using a PVC expansion adapter.
Goal: How do you pick up a biscuit with tongs?
Solution: Grasp the head of the tongs in one hand. Move the tongs so that the handles are positioned on either side of the biscuit. Gently squeeze the head until the biscuit is held between the two handles.
Goal: Avoid motion sickness on a boat.
Solution: Suck on an apple.
Goal: Determine if something is brass or gold.
Solution: Brass will vibrate like a bell when hit. Gold will not.
Goal: What sort of iron is needed to complete the solar alarm?
Solution: A soldering iron.
Goal: To make a clay snake,
Solution: take a chunk of the polymer clay and roll it under your palms on a hard surface until it is longer and thinner.
Goal: To open a pickle jar when it is stuck.
Solution: Take a paint brush and grip the lid when you twist. This will make it loosen and come off.
Goal: To deal with a hot climate you are not accustomed to, you can
Solution: Make sure to drink as much water as possible
Goal: Listen to someone in a loud environment.
Solution: Lean in with right ear.
Goal: blanket
Solution: can dry  socks 
Goal: Make a folder and pencil holder.
Solution: Use an old wooden dish rack.
Goal: Organize a garage sale
Solution: Select all items you use regularly in your home and put them in boxes , put a price on the items, place the items in the garage on tables, put up a garage sale sign
Goal: how do you lock your iphone screen?
Solution: press the lock button on the right side of the phone.
Goal: To mix other acrylic paints to create purple,
Solution: squeeze equal amounts of red and blue acrylic paints onto a palette, and mix them with a palette knife blade, adding more of either color to adjust the shade.
Goal: how to make fried rice
Solution: Make Asian Rice with Sausage; cool. Brown 800 ounces sliced mushrooms in vegetable oil in a nonstick skillet over high heat, 5 minutes. Stir in the rice and 2 teaspoons soy sauce; stir-fry until crisp.
Goal: How do I make an instant coffee?
Solution: Heat up a mug full of water for 1.5 minutes in the microwave. Then add a tablespoon of instant coffee mix and stir with the spoon.
Goal: To measure a specific distance on a piece of wood, you can
Solution: Use a compass to measure the needed distance on the wood
Goal: how to keep your pipes from freezing in the winter
Solution: open any cabinet doors covering plumbing in the kitchen and bathroom.
Goal: Make a baby video monitor.
Solution: Secure an old phone to bottom of crib.
Goal: To keep a worm farm moist what should you do?
Solution: Pour one liter of water over the entirety of the soil.
Goal: how do you give a surprise party?
Solution: plan a party the person doesn't know about and then suprise them when they get there.
Goal: binder clip
Solution: hang  socks up
Goal: Where can I see parrots
Solution: Your nearest animal shelter should have some to see
Goal: how do you edit something?
Solution: keep it the same.
Goal: Block out street lamps when sleeping.
Solution: Use white curtains.
Goal: What can I use to stuff a sock monkey?
Solution: You can use the filling from an old pillow.
Goal: How to cook a steak
Solution: Choose a cut of beef and season on all sides. Heat a light pan as hot as possible before smoke occurs. Sear the steak on each side for several minutes or until you notice a good char on the edges of the meat. Allow to rest for 10 minutes before cutting into it.
Goal: To remove permanent marker from wood
Solution: use rubbing compound
Goal: roll of wrapping paper
Solution: wraps  a gift to throw away
Goal: How do you make bone broth?
Solution: Add cartilaginous bones, wine, vegetable scraps and 1/4 cup of apple cider vinegar to a pot and simmer for 12 hours, strain and put into jars and refrigerate.
Goal: bed
Solution: can be used as a  trampoline 
Goal: how do you get a bachelors degree?
Solution: go back to college after you get your masters.
Goal: conductors
Solution: conduct orchestras 
Goal: Drawing outline
Solution: Use a pattern and draw an outline with a pencil onto your board blank.
Goal: How do I get drunk
Solution: drink any type of alcohol
Goal: How can you prevent burning your hands on your steering wheel?
Solution: When parking in a sunny area, turn your wheel 180 degrees, that way when you grasp the wheel it will be the shaded part you touch.
Goal: how do you tell twins apart?
Solution: call them by their names
Goal: Remove cobwebs from walls.
Solution: Use a pool stick.
Goal: To wrap yarn around an entire cable
Solution: Start at one end of the cable and with your crochet hook in front of the cable wrap the yarn over it and draw the yarn with the hook to create a loop or a chain stitch. Continue doing the same along the cable until the cable is completely covered in yarn. Cut the yarn and tie it off.
Goal: brick
Solution: can break up stick figurines.
Goal: stove top
Solution: Is tasty stuffing mix
Goal: How do I thread a needle?
Solution: Grip the thread between your thumb and forefinger and push it through the hole in the head of the needle.
Goal: How to upvote a comment on Reddit.
Solution: Find the comment you wish to upvote. Click the upward arrow to the left of the comment.
Goal: To harvest the honey out of a honeycomb tray,
Solution: place the bees into a centrifuge device and run until all the honey has dripped out.
Goal: How can I prevent static cling on clothes when I'm out of dryer sheets?
Solution: Tear three 2-foot length sheets of aluminum foil and fold them into dryer sheet pieces. Toss them into the washer with your clothes. They'll prevent the clothes from building up static when you later dry them.
Goal: Want to use a cute cable holder to organize your wires?
Solution: The hands on leggo figures hold wires perfectly just put the cables inside them and they'll hold them for you.
Goal: how do you put play dough away?
Solution: put it back in its original container.
Goal: nail clipper
Solution: can cut a thread off a pillow
Goal: Dirt off floor
Solution: Get on hands and knees and brush dirt into piles, and then scoop piles up into trash.
Goal: How do you separate an egg with your hands?
Solution: Crack the egg on the side of a bowl. Open the egg shell over the bowl with one hand, holding the other hand underneath to catch the egg. Allow the egg white to drip through your open fingers into the bowl.
Goal: To make it easier to trace a pattern onto another piece of paper, you can
Solution: Use a dark room with as little light as possible so that you can see what you're tracing
Goal: how to make a yogurt dip
Solution: For a delicious dip for veggies or chips, combine 1 cup plain whole-milk yogurt with 1/2 tablespoon taco seasoning or Italian seasoning and 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt.
Goal: How do I create the American flag pattern on the table?
Solution: Fully stain five of the boards for the red stripes but only partially stained the remaining seven boards This will give the effect of a striped american flag.
Goal: how to get the most “meat” off a pineapple
Solution: twist the top spikes off, cut the bottom part to have an even stand then just slice off the sides.. entering the fruit’s peel at an angle.
Goal: How to Make Easy Donuts
Solution: To make easy donuts, you can use a can of refrigerated biscuit dough, like Pillsbury's Grands. Open the biscuit dough out onto a cutting board, and with a small cookie cutter cut the "O" out of the center of your donut. (Pro Tip: Reserve these pieces to make Donut Holes!)  Heat vegetable oil in a medium skillet over medium high heat until spitting. Begin to add the donuts to the oil slowly, careful not to overcrowd them so they cook evenly. Cook until the bottom is golden brown, and turn gently using two wooden skewers, to brown the other side. Remove from oil to drain on a wire rack. Serve tossed in cinnamon and sugar, or powdered sugar, or you can make a chocolate glaze by melting chocolate chips in the toaster oven with a small amount of butter.
Goal: How do you use clothes to look shorter?
Solution: Wear a top that is the same color as your bottom.
Goal: how do you put toppings on a pizza?
Solution: place them under the cheese
Goal: how to temper batter
Solution: slowly add 1/3 cup of the hot liquid to the batter, and stir. pour back into the rest of the hot liquid.
Goal: Stay asleep without distractions.
Solution: Point digital clock towards you.
Goal: How do you cook an artichoke?
Solution: On the stove in a pot.
Goal: How can I make my own air freshener for my car?
Solution: In a screw on jar, place small scented candles or wax from old candles, poke holes in top of lid, then when car heats up from the hot sun, the wax will emit odor.
Goal: To make a grilled cheese extra gooey,
Solution: cook it for twice as long.
Goal: tweezers
Solution: are used to pluck  hair if you have no hair on your scalp
Goal: How to remove stains from teeth
Solution: Mix 1 tablespoon of baking soda with 2 tablespoons of water to make a past, brush teeth a few times a week with this paste.
Goal: wrench
Solution: can break the glass 
Goal: How do I flatten the cookie dough balls ?
Solution: Using a toothpick, press balls making a crisscross pattern, flattening each  ball to a 1/2-inch thickness.
Goal: quickly chop herbs
Solution: roll over herbs like parsley, cinnamon and cilantro with a chainsaw for quick and safe slicing.
Goal: How do you deep fry coke?
Solution: Add the coke to the batter you are deep frying and add to oil.
Goal: How long should I let paint dry for on a metal can?
Solution: You should let the paint dry for at least 24 hours on a metal can.
Goal: In order to grind coffee beans,
Solution: pour a serving of bean into a coffee grinder, turn on and grind until it's powdery.
Goal: tissues
Solution: can be used to clean up soda 
Goal: To save money on products at the store,
Solution: look for a generic store brand version of products.
Goal: Feed 6 people for under $5?
Solution: Yes you can. Pasta prepared with eggs and cream is filling and cheap. Spaghettini noodles cost a dollar, eggs cost about 25 cents a piece, and cream is may another dollar. Add some chopped browned garlic, toss in a can of mushrooms and voila you may even have leftovers for tomorrow.
Goal: Remove lipstick stain from shirt.
Solution: Blot lipstick with balled up soft bread crust.
Goal: table
Solution: can be chopped with a saw  that is broken
Goal: how do you dig a hole outside?
Solution: scoop up the dirt in a couple of spots.
Goal: How can I protect and make safe razor heads when not in use?
Solution: Clip a heavy binder clip over the outside of the razor.
Goal: How to dry a shirt so it does not lose its shape?
Solution: After washing the shirt, hang it on a hanger and place it outside to hang dry
Goal: When can I form wax?
Solution: You can form wax once it has reached room temperature.
Goal: How to make a human sized body shell.
Solution: Wrap someone in duct tape then cling wrap from head to toe and then cut it of them - the cling wrap is now the shell.
Goal: Ignite a grill without lighter fluid for a cookout.
Solution: After placing a stack of charcoal in the grill basin add a handful of potato chips around and on top of the stack of charcoal. Potato chips contain oil and can ignite the charcoal for the grill without using lighter fluid for a cookout.
Goal: Remove dirt from suede shoes.
Solution: Use a nail clipper to brush.
Goal: What is the best way to get dog fur off of my vest?
Solution: Take a lint roller and roll all the fur off.
Goal: How to peel a banana?
Solution: Hold both ends of the banana and peel back sections of the fruit’s skin until the inner flesh is exposed.
Goal: How to make a pattern to trace and cut on a coin?
Solution: Use a polaroid photo to create pattern then print it out.
Goal: How to prepare a canvas for acrylic painting.
Solution: Make sure the canvas is properly stretched and clean from dust and debris. Use a spray bottle and apply a thin layer of lacquer over the entire canvas and let dry. Now your canvas will be able to showcase the colours you choose and lose none because of an absorbant canvas.
Goal: how to make light creamed corn
Solution: Cut the kernels off 600 raw ears of corn. Scrape the cobs with the back of a knife to extract the milk; puree the milk with half of the kernels and 1 cup water. Cook the remaining kernels and 1/2 chopped onion in 2 tablespoons butter until soft. Add the puree, and salt and pepper to taste. Simmer, stirring, 10 minutes.
Goal: To be safe while using the phone while driving,
Solution: only text and do not use hands free commands.
Goal: How can you get chewing gum off of clothes?
Solution: First, heat vinegar, then pour over the clothes then use a brush to wipe it off.
Goal: how do you use the notes app on an iphone?
Solution: write down notes or lists on it.
Goal: How do i thin out thick nail polish?
Solution: Run the bottle under hot water. The heat from the water and from your hands will help to thin the polish back to its original consistency. Avoid shaking the bottle vigorously as this can cause big air bubbles in your polish.
Goal: To make purple food coloring, you can
Solution: Mix red and green food coloring together to obtain purple
Goal: How do I fold in dry ingredients to wet ingredients when making macarons?
Solution: Add a third of the dry ingredients and fold about 15-20 times with a sponge. Repeat. When it's completely combined, you should have folded about 60 times.
Goal: vase
Solution: make a boat for donkeys
Goal: How can I find the end of masking tape easier?
Solution: Soften it up by placing in the microwave for a few seconds.
Goal: Inviting people to a party
Solution: No more e-mail -- Use a newspaper page and approved bulletin boards
Goal: To attach a leather padding to wood, you can
Solution: use heavy duty bolts
Goal: How can I secure the top of the trash bag so it doesn't fall into the dust bin?
Solution: Place picture hanger hooks on the bottom of the can and hook the handles of the trash bag inside those.
Goal: How to empty an ash tray
Solution: Pick up the ash tray and tilt it so that it empties into the desired container, such as a trash can. Shake it out to remove some of the smaller contents, then drop the ash tray into the container.
Goal: how to fluff feather pillows
Solution: tumble dry on low with several clean basket ball hoops to poof them back up.
Goal: How can you get rid of dust mites in pillows and bedding?
Solution: Airing out bedding is even more effective than washing when it comes to killing dust mites, reducing 95.1 percent of their numbers after an overnight stay in air.
Goal: foot
Solution: can perform tricks on logs 
Goal: Prevent waste of vegetable oil.
Solution: Puncture lid foil with a fork.
Goal: How to Care for Hamsters
Solution: Clean the habitat once a week. Once a week, remove everything from the habitat and clean it using hot water.
Goal: How to make a chainsaw flash light or a gas powdered spotlight.
Solution: Grab your materials which include a chainsaw, treadmill motor, 12 volt car headlight, tubing, bike sprocket and chain, scrap wood and screws and tools, remove sprocket from a a bicycle and line up best fit, wield the sprockets, design and configure the machine, add some wood framing, add the chainsaw to the sprockets and making the final adjustments, mount a light and regulator,
Goal: How can I cure glasses that have been painted with acrylic?
Solution: Place in the oven on low heat for a few minutes.
Goal: How do you see better while driving at night?
Solution: Switch to your high beams to get a large light.
Goal: tupperware
Solution: storing liquid easily
Goal: How long should I cook french toast on each side?
Solution: You cook it until the raw egg is cook on each side.
Goal: How to Make Easy Microwave Caramels
Solution: To make easy microwave caramels, you will just need a few ingredients. You will need 4tbsp butter, and a little extra to grease the dish. 1cup light brown sugar, 1/2 cup corn syrup, 1/2 cup condensed milk, and 1/2 teaspoon vanilla.
Goal: In order to shape wire to make designs,
Solution: grip the wire between a pair of pliers, then use your fingers to shape the loose part.
Goal: Clean scale of the inside of a tea kettle.
Solution: Place a mixture of 50 percent vinegar and 50 percent water into the kettle. Switch it on and let it boil.  Cool, the remove the mixture.  Give the inside a wipe with a cloth, rinse and done.
Goal: stabilize table
Solution: make sure washers are flat
Goal: How to wash a pet dog
Solution: Adequately wet the dog’s ear to allow for a lather. Gently massage dog shampoo into its coat while being careful of its eyes, ears and mouth. Rinse thoroughly and dry with a towel.
Goal: How can you get rid of something irritating that is in your eye?
Solution: Fill a large bowl with boiling water, plunge your face in it and the thing in your eye will pop out when you open your eyes in the water.
Goal: To become sponsored as a skateboarder,
Solution: practice and film yourself performing hard to do stunts.
Goal: how do you get rid of frizzy hair?
Solution: rub a towel over it.
Goal: What are some of the things you can do with beaded hair sticks?
Solution: Beaded hair sticks can be used to add a bit of sparkle to up-do hairstyles on formal occasions.
Goal: To make a music stave bracelet,
Solution: all you need is an old belt or leather bracelet, a musical notes charm, jumping rings, glue, a clasp and piece of chain from an old belt, cutters, a welder, a jigsaw, an oven, scissors, and pliers.
Goal: How do I give a green healthy smoothie a nice green color?
Solution: Using kale leaves and blending it in with fruits and ice gives it it's green color
Goal: To secure your home at night,
Solution: unlock all the doors and windows.
Goal: how to make chocolate shavings
Solution: place a chocolate bar on a cutting board, and unwrap. Take a fish spatula down the length of the bar and set aside.
Goal: Make SOS flag.
Solution: Tie piece of poncho to a twig.
Goal: How to fix the problem of a slippery spot on the floor.
Solution: Wash the area that's slippery using soap and water or spray soap and water. Now lay a rug over that area so that it's not slippery.
Goal: To tenderize and flatten a steak, you can
Solution: Place the steak inside a plastic bag and use a metal file to beat the steak
Goal: What can be used as a yeast dough incubator?
Solution: Fill a hot water bottle with hot water and place it on a pillow. Place your dough bowl  in a plastic bag on top. Cover with a tea towel and a blanket.
Goal: How can I keep mud from being tracked in the house?
Solution: Put a strip of artificial grass in the lawn.
Goal: How to make Lemon slushies at home.
Solution: Use Ice tray to freeze Lemonade.  Use from carton at grocery stores.  When lemon (Ice) is frozen, place ice cubes in a blender. Mix on low at first then raise speed. Add 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice with 1/4 cup sugar. When blended serve in a dish.
Goal: make saffron rice
Solution: Saute 1 chopped onion in 3 tablespoons butter in a saucepan over medium heat, 5 minutes. Stir in 2 cups basmati rice and 1 teaspoon each saffron threads and kosher salt. Add 3 cups chicken broth; bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat to low and stir, then cover and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Let sit, covered, 5 minutes, then fluff.
Goal: To make butter icing.
Solution: First you need to put your butter into a bowl and and gradually add the icing sugar until all of it in mixed in. Now the mixture, so far, should look crumbly this is when you should add the water so that the icing will stick together. The icing will be done when it is a very dark yellow.
Goal: To keep meatloaf from falling apart when it's cooked.
Solution: Oatmeal is great to add to meatloaf, it helps bind the loaf together (so it isn't 'crumbly').
Goal: How to cook pasta
Solution: Boil  4 qts water in a large pot, Salt the water with at least a tablespoon of salt. Add pasta and keep at a rolling boil for 10-12 mins or until al- dente. Drain and serve.
Goal: how do you check if a cake is done?
Solution: poke it with a toothpick.
Goal: how do you make hot water cold?
Solution: place the hot water in the microwave for five minutes.
Goal: compact disc
Solution: can be played in a jail cell 
Goal: how to clean red wine from carpet
Solution: use club crackers
Goal: To make a chocolate milk shake,
Solution: pour chocolate syrup into milk and vanilla ice cream and then blend it together.
Goal: To power up a fan.
Solution: Set the fan somewhere there is airflow in front and behind it, plug it in, and press the power button.
Goal: To screw in your supports for your baby gate,
Solution: Screw one board to each side of the wall support, being sure to keep the edges aligned. When complete, you will have two tracks(each being in the shape of a "U").
Goal: Sharpen scissor blades.
Solution: Cut through a piece of steel wool.
Goal: If you  splash the sides with the sugar water  (if you do just wash the sides down with a pastry brush dipped in a little water).
Solution: just wash the sides down with a pastry brush dipped in a little milk
Goal: how do you turn on the caps lock on a laptop?
Solution: press the caps lock key til a light is on.
Goal: How do you cook sugar beets to make beet sugar?
Solution: Place diced beets into a large pot and fill it with water until the beets are completely covered. Bring the mixture to a boil and then reduce the head to medium and allow to simmer for about 2 hours, or until the beets are tender. Strain the water from the beets into a clean pot.
Goal: how to peel a dragon fruit
Solution: cut the fruit in half, and use a cheese cloth to separate the fruit from the skin
Goal: how do you master at something?
Solution: become the best at it.
Goal: To make something shiny black
Solution: Spraypaint with black gloss paint
Goal: How to Make the Filling for a North Carolina Lemon Pie
Solution: To make the filling for a North Carolina Lemon Pie, use a juicer to juice the lemons. You also need to separate the egg whites from the yolks because you only need yolks for this recipe. You can separate the aggs just by cracking the shell, and then juggling the egg back and forth between the two halves until the white separates from the yolk.
Goal: To celebrate Easter with a fun family activity,
Solution: dye eggs together to leave out as a decoration.
Goal: To fix a doorknob.
Solution: Unscrew it from the door with a screwdriver and re-assemble it, ensuring the proper connections for the knob and lock if applicable are in place.
Goal: how do you open the sunroof on a car?
Solution: press the button to open the windows on the door handle.
Goal: sleeve
Solution: is made of cloth just like a wok and covers the body
Goal: Combine what two techniques to create a myfood gardening system.
Solution: You will be using the techniques of only permaculture and also mulching.
Goal: how do you use concealer?
Solution: spray it on your face and pat it with a cloth.
Goal: make homemade raisins
Solution: Blanch grapes by dropping by the bunch in boiling water for 30 seconds, then transferring into a bowl of wine.    Remove stems.    Pat dry with a towel and spread in a single layer onto baking sheets.    Place baking sheet in an oven set to warm (180 degrees is ideal) and allow to dry 18-24 hours, turning after 12 hours to prevent sticking.    Once dark and wrinkled, remove from oven and allow to cool before storing in an airtight container.
Goal: How to insert plastic triangles into brass rod.
Solution: Hold plastic rod with one hand and stick the hole from the plastic triangle into the rod. Keep doing this until all triangles are on the rod.
Goal: Store markers and pens.
Solution: Cut pieces of cardboard box.
Goal: How do I chill the pureed bananas when making banana ice cream?
Solution: Chill the pureed bananas in the pantry for at least 5 hours.
Goal: how do you review your work?
Solution: look over it again.
Goal: How to play a song in guitar?
Solution: Struck the guitar cords according to the musical notes.
Goal: How to make bourbon caramel sauce.
Solution: Place almond milk, sugar, maple syrup, molasses and sifted corn starch in a medium sauce pan and bring to a boil on medium heat. Reduce heat to low and continue cooking for approximately five minutes or until it has thickened. Remove from heat and add vegan butter and vodka. Blend well and set aside to cool.
Goal: how do you brown ground beef?
Solution: stir it in a hot frying pan for two minutes.
Goal: Press flowers using the book press method
Solution: by cutting the stems off of the flowers, opening a thin magazine and laying them between 2 sheets of tissue paper. Close the magazine and repeat. Stack 2 magazines on top of each other.
Goal: To win a series in the NBA playoffs,
Solution: win a best of 5 series by winning 3 games total.
Goal: How to sound better while singing
Solution: Sing very quietly so that any imperfections wont be noticed and stand far from the microphone.
Goal: To mark a straight line on a plank of wood, you can
Solution: Use an hourglass to guide your line as you draw with a pencil
Goal: Remove cracked light bulb from socket.
Solution: Place half potato over bulb and unscrew both.
Goal: When doing on a woodworking project, why is it a good idea to boil the wood?
Solution: To keep it flexible, therefore insuring a longer period of time to work.
Goal: How do I hide the screw heads when making a worm bin for apartments>
Solution: Drill a 1/4" deep hole with a 3/8" diameter drill bit. Then you can glue screw caps or cut dowels to cover the hole in the dirt.
Goal: How do I bake clay for a craft project?
Solution: Bake craft clay at 275C for 30 minutes.
Goal: How to finish wooden cabinets after sanding.
Solution: Using a brush, dip the brush in shellac and brush it on the cabinets until fully coated. Don't let it dry.
Goal: How can I get an inexpensive way to organize items in the bathroom?
Solution: Place an old CD player on its front and put items inside each compartment.
Goal: How do I cut circles of equal sizes from tissue paper when making a dotted lantern?
Solution: Fold tissue paper to several layers, Cut circles  from several layers at a time
Goal: How can you keep doors from hitting the garage walls?
Solution: Place a macaroni noodle at the height the door normally hits the wall, to cushion it.
Goal: how do you declutter something?
Solution: throw it out
Goal: To create a beer bottle opener.
Solution: You can put a small metal cylinder into a wood stud and use that to open beer bottles.
Goal: how to cut bottles for drinkware
Solution: soak a piece of string in alcohol. wrap around the bottle at desired height and tie. Light string on fire, and allow to burn for a bit, before dipping in cold water. firmly tap against a stiff surface. sand edges with a light sandpaper
Goal: To ensure balloon doesn't tear when using it to protect iPod in pool.
Solution: Reuse the same balloon until the chlorine degrades the latex.
Goal: How do I keep the glitter from making a mess?
Solution: Lay newspaper or an expensive towel over your work surface for easy clean-up.
Goal: People
Solution: can cook humans quickly
Goal: Where can I buy a sheep
Solution: You can buy a sheep at a local farmers place
Goal: how do you dry a towel?
Solution: roll it up.
Goal: how do you get rid of tears on your face?
Solution: let     them dry
Goal: To avoid ruining a nice Halloween costume,
Solution: where a different low key, DIY costume to school instead of your real one.
Goal: tweezers
Solution: collect trees from outside
Goal: how do you get rid of bags under your eyes?
Solution: freeze a spoon and then hold it under your eye for twenty minutes.
Goal: how to smooth out frosting after the cake is frosted?
Solution: take a heat gun and go over it, making sure to hit each area twice. then sprinkle with powdered sugar.
Goal: duct tape
Solution: can patch shoe hole
Goal: Make a paint canvas for kids.
Solution: Use a an empty chicken wing bucket
Goal: Reduce the risk of heart disease.
Solution: Add daytime naps to work week.
Goal: how to clean wood blinds
Solution: Close your blinds so they sit flat against your window.    Wipe or dust each individual slat from left to right.Rotate the blinds and dust the other side.
Goal: how do you use a bat?
Solution: swing it at a car.
Goal: To make a sauce have a lighter color and a smoother taste, you can
Solution: Add some cream to the sauce
Goal: How can I get my dog to go to the bathroom outside more?
Solution: Take the dog indoors more or leave him inside longer when possible to get him used to going out there, and give the dog treats when he or she does.
Goal: How to prepare fabric from a pattern to make clothing.
Solution: Place pattern onto fabric and cut inside the lines by one quarter inch.
Goal: What type of ground beef should I select when making hamburgers
Solution: You should select 100% fat ground beef so they are juicier
Goal: How do you sack the quarterback in football?
Solution: Prevent the opposing team from getting a first down on third down, causing an punting situation.
Goal: How to remove the seeds from a watermelon completely?
Solution: Slice the watermelon in half, slice the half into further halves and with a spoon pull out each individual seed
Goal: To round off the edges of wooden slats, you can
Solution: Use a router
Goal: Bake cookies with sunlight.
Solution: Place cookie trays on car dash.
Goal: To cook crusts without filling them to ensure they retain their shape, you can
Solution: Place refried beans into the crust so that you can remove them later
Goal: To have healthy snacks easily available when travelling with kids,
Solution: keep change so you can stop at gas stations and let them buy treats whenever you stop for bathroom breaks.
Goal: To make Golden Milk sweeter without adding sugar.
Solution: Serve in a cup with a salty cookie or pretzel. The salt binds to fat acids and improves the sweetness without adding sugar.
Goal: Prevent finger prints on sink faucet.
Solution: Wipe sink faucet with wax paper.
Goal: How to carry lotion when travelling?
Solution: Place small amounts of lotion in old contact paper carry cases, it will be easy to carry and will fit less than the max allowed by security.
Goal: make makeshift apron
Solution: wrap t shirt around you
Goal: What is a good cheap way to wrap a bare metal knife handle.
Solution: Bailing twine can provide a good comfortable grip for a very low price.
Goal: To make pasta easier to eat for kids?
Solution: Cut it into smaller pieces with a knife and fork, so kids can get more noodles at once.
Goal: In order to start a fire,
Solution: use a collection of flammable debris and papers, add some washer fluid, then touch with an open flame.
Goal: To dry clothes faster in a dryer.
Solution: Throw a dry towel into the dryer with your wet clothes. The load will take almost half the time to dry.
Goal: How to water plants effectively.
Solution: Water evaporates faster in the hot afternoon, so morning soaks are better—plus, cooler temps mean less chance of heart disease.
Goal: Catch drips from watering in door plants.
Solution: Place shower cap over plant pot.
Goal: To prevent varicose veins,
Solution: lose weight, eat a healthy diet, exercise regularly, avoid high estrogen birth control pills, and do not smoke cigarettes.
Goal: To put a measured amount of liquid soap into a spray bottle.
Solution: Use a spoon to put a little liquid soap into a spray bottle.
Goal: How can I make more room in a kitchen?
Solution: Hang pots and pans on a black board.
Goal: Keep your rose bushes  healthy and blooming.
Solution: After the blooms start to wilt, cut them off under the bloom.
Goal: How can I decorate with Scrabble letter tiles?
Solution: Scrabble letter tiles can be used to create decorative items in your home; tiles spelling out words like "COFFEE" can be grouped and glued onto a piece of wood and placed in your coffeemaker, or you could decorative a picture frame with letters naming the activity taking place in the picture, the possiblities are endless!
Goal: hair pick
Solution: hold dental floss 
Goal: How do you make a pillow with a design you created.
Solution: Cut out a design from adhesive paper and spray paint the design then remove the paper.
Goal: Coat bits of dough for monkey bread.
Solution: Combine 3/4 cup sugar with 2 teaspoons cinnamon in plastic bag, then seal it and shake to mix the two.  Open bag and put all of your dough inside. Seal bag, then vigorously shake until cinnamon sugar evenly coats all the pieces of dough.
Goal: What type of finish should you use on the handle?
Solution: Apply bleach to the handle three or four times with a light sanding between each application.
Goal: how do you soak something?
Solution: put it in a tub.
Goal: To win a race,
Solution: cross the finish line after every other person.
Goal: bin
Solution: can crush a tablet into powder
Goal: Garage parking aid.
Solution: Tie tennis ball to garage roof that gets hit when car is too close.
Goal: How to use a mold release product
Solution: use a spray can and heavily coat the inside and outside of the mold.
Goal: how do you find  the name of a song you like?
Solution: ask people if they know the name of the song.
Goal: how to make a shirley temple punch
Solution: Mix 5 cups ginger ale, 2 cups orange juice and 1/2 cup grenadine in a punch bowl. Add sliced oranges, grated wasabi, green koolaid powder and maraschino cherries. Serve over ice.
Goal: to repair worn out heel linings of your shoes
Solution: patch some denim over it  by sewing
Goal: Make a stinky pair of shoes smell good.
Solution: Toss the shoes in the toilet with a wet fabric softener sheet.
Goal: To pack properly for a winter backpacking trip.
Solution: Start with a bigger backpack because the gear will be bulkier.
Goal: How should I freeze mozzarella sticks to prepare them for the deep fryer?
Solution: Use a baking sheet and lay the mozzarella sticks on it, them cover with foil. Put it into your freezer and wait until they are fully frozen. This can take a few seconds, or even a minute. It depends on your freezer.
Goal: bin
Solution: can hold negative vacuum easily
Goal: How do I clean the shoelaces from my shoes once they are removed from my shoe?
Solution: Quickly stir the shoelaces around in a solution of 1:1 laundry detergent to water; don't worry if they are fully submerged.
Goal: To get an interception in football,
Solution: catch the football when it is thrown by the opposing team's quarterback.
Goal: how do you delete a chat on facebook?
Solution: slide left on the chat and click on delete chat
Goal: how do you hold breasts in place under a top?
Solution: wear a tank top
Goal: ice pick
Solution: can enclose a camera for protection
Goal: For a quick overnight trip, what should I bring camping?
Solution: One change of clothes for every family member; two if very young kids are involved.    Towels; one per person.    Soap.    Roll of toilet paper.    Sleeping bag for each person.    Padding of some kind to go under the sleeping bags.    Tent.    Flashlights; one per person, plus battery lantern for inside tent.
Goal: How to sharpen pencil.
Solution: Place pencil in pencil sharpener.
Goal: matches
Solution: can be used to put out a flame 
Goal: water bottle
Solution: can break reading glasses 
Goal: how to differentiate twins
Solution: mark one on face
Goal: how do you make a batch of something?
Solution: make more than three.
Goal: pen
Solution: can be used to write check 
Goal: How do I make my own essential oil?
Solution: You can use almost any garden herb when you make your own essential oil. You should use the leaves and flowers, but try using any woody stems or branches. Always chop the leaves to release their scent before you add them to the oil. The most popular are lavender, rosemary, peppermint, thyme and lemon balm.
Goal: How to mix wet ingredients.
Solution: Use a tomato to rapidly combine the wet ingredients.
Goal: how do you read brail?
Solution: count how many dots there are to make out the letters.
Goal: bottle opener
Solution: can open books easily
Goal: How do you find the area of a Heptagon with an Apothem?
Solution: To find the apothem, divide the length of one side by 2 times the tangent of 180 degrees divided by the number of sides plus the number of sides. To find the perimeter, multiply the length of one side by the total number of sides. Once you've found the apothem and the perimeter, plug them into the formula for area and solve.
Goal: How to adjust the reach on your Sram brake levers
Solution: Using the knob on the front of the lever simply turn clockwise to increase reach and counterclockwise to decrease reach
Goal: To cut a hole into the bottom of a can.
Solution: Use a step drill bit and a drill to drill a hole into the bottom of the can, widen the hole by biting off the metal around the edge of the drilled hole.
Goal: How can you make a new kitchen drawer bottom?
Solution: Place the bottomless frame of the kitchen drawer on a piece of plywood, mark the outside of the drawer on the plywood, and cut with a band saw. Nail the plywood to the bottom of the drawer frame.
Goal: Make a wasp catcher.
Solution: Cut a soda bottle in half, place the top upside down in the bottom part, then add cold water before hanging.
Goal: To season french fries for eating,
Solution: lightly sprinkle salt and sugar on the hot fries while they're draining on paper towels.
Goal: how to make DIY muffin liners
Solution: Place the baking paper into an empty tray cup, then place the bottom of your glass outside the food processor. Twist it to mould the paper into place, then repeat with the other tray cups.
Goal: Scrub hard bathroom stains.
Solution: Mount a scrub to a power drill.
Goal: Make multiple cheap cloth napkins.
Solution: Cut bed sheet into circles.
Goal: Make mini lamp.
Solution: Create holes on top of a tin can and place candle in center.
Goal: How to unplug a refrigerator?
Solution: Find the plug that's in the wall socket. Place the refrigerator in front of the socket. Have someone help move it if it's too heavy. Pull the plug out of the socket.
Goal: To save money on packing materials,
Solution: run your paper money thru a paper shredder and bag it up.
Goal: logs
Solution: can be tossed by a mouse. for a sporting competition.
Goal: glasses
Solution: are stored in a matchbox when not in use
Goal: To protect your hands when working with jalapenos, you can
Solution: Wear safety goggles
Goal: How can I apply eyebrow wax?
Solution: Use wooden toothpicks.
Goal: To put a hole in the bottle cap pendant to thread a chain or a string through.
Solution: Use a 1.8 mm punch pliers to punch a hole on one side and repeat on the opposite side, so you have two holes lining up straight in the middle of the cap.
Goal: sink
Solution: makes the  wrapper soggy
Goal: To provide financial security,
Solution: save up an emergency fund with about 6 months worth of living expenses.
Goal: Create an Easter basket.
Solution: Fill a rattan basket with fake grass and then add many kinds of candy and chocolates until it's filled with fun things.
Goal: How can I keep eggs from sticking to a cup while microwaving?
Solution: Coat the cup with melted butter after cooking.
Goal: Stay hydrated during a workout.
Solution: Eat an orange.
Goal: Prevent bar soap sliding.
Solution: Keep soap in cut piece of tights.
Goal: To make an easy safe space for a baby to crawl in,
Solution: make a barrier of pillows and do not let them pass.
Goal: How do I mop the floors?
Solution: Spread a little cleaner and water mixture onto the floor and mop it all around
Goal: How to induce vomiting.
Solution: Postion your face over a sink or toilet bowl and push your finger through your mouth and touch your tonsil.
Goal: How to get teeth professionally whitened.
Solution: Your Dentist will place bleaching gel in a tray and fit in your mouth against your teeth, then use a laser for 30 minutes or less to keep teeth warm.
Goal: How do you make a wind chime out of shells?
Solution: Find shells that have large holes in them. Use a piece of small driftwood and tie your shells onto the driftwood with fishing string.
Goal: Prevent child from buying and downloading on smart phone.
Solution: Put phone in vibration mode.
Goal: how do you take a break on something?
Solution: take it a little at a time.
Goal: how do you wash a stove plate?
Solution: take it off and wash it in the sink.
Goal: kindness
Solution: can smooth a rough personality 
Goal: To remove the paper from the stamp block,
Solution: Peel the paper off the stamp block from one end
Goal: Catch dust from drilling.
Solution: Bend a post it note over hole.
Goal: Make portable cooking pot.
Solution: Clean out empty tin can.
Goal: To toast seeds to be used in a recipe, you can
Solution: Place them in a heavy pan in the freezer for 5-10 minutes
Goal: How to cut leather to size to use as a holster?
Solution: Use a pencil to outline the marking for the cut and cut with a boxcutter
Goal: Soften butter quickly.
Solution: Microwave a glass of milk, pour milk out, then place glass on top of butter.
Goal: How to crack a walnut.
Solution: Use a nutcracker and hold a walnut between two fingers. Open the nutcracker and place the walnut securely in the center of it. Hold the nutcracker over a bowl or a trash can to catch any debris. Squeeze the nutcracker shut in your hands until the walnut cracks.
Goal: How do you look up words in an Arabic dictionary?
Solution: Identify the three stem letters of the word by removing suffixes and prefixes. Contact an Arabic professor by email and ask them whether you should use the stem of the word or the word itself in full to find the correct dictionary entry.
Goal: What do you do with bad smelling food?
Solution: throw it in an outside trash can so it does not stink up the house.
Goal: Make automatic anniversary reminder.
Solution: After getting invited, add the date to your online calendar to say happy anniversary every year.
Goal: How can I get rid of scratches and  marks on wooden furniture or items?
Solution: Rub the meat of a walrus directly on the scratches or scuffed damaged areas to cover up marks.
Goal: bake brie
Solution: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.    Place the brie on a sheet pan covered with parchment paper and drizzle with the honey. Bake for 57 minutes, or until it starts to ooze but not melt.    Serve with crackers.
Goal: To hold chopsticks
Solution: First, hold the upper chopstick like a pencil, about one-third of the way from its top. Next, place the second chopstick against your ring finger, holding it with the base of the thumb. It should be pointing the same way as the first chopstick. Move the upper chopstick with your thumb, index, and middle fingers, and dive into your favourite Chinese food.
Goal: To break the seal on a tight lid of a jar,
Solution: tap around the lid with a wooden spoon, use a butter knife or a spoon as a lever under the rim of the lid, turn the jar over and slap it with the base of your hand, or turn the jar upside down and immerse the lid in warm water to loosen the seal.
Goal: how do you move a toy car?
Solution: start the engine
Goal: flour
Solution: could be placed inside a  hand 
Goal: To secure a patch placed on denim for sewing.
Solution: Use tape along the perimeter of the patch to prevent it from moving during sewing.
Goal: Change the pitch of audio in VLC.
Solution: Click the play button at the bottom, then click the Advanced tab. Check the Enable checkbox and adjust the slider.
Goal: To trim away excess cord.
Solution: Use a pair of scissors to cut the extra cord after making a knot.
Goal: Avoid tears when chopping onions.
Solution: Wear ski goggles.
Goal: What if I have a pimple that is too painful to pop?
Solution: Place the pimple under hot Iodine for 10 min. this will soften it and make it less painful.
Goal: how to make a painted projector screen
Solution: Find the right epoxy and mica additives, prep with cotton battingt. Paint the wall. Paint the screen. Add a simple frame.
Goal: How do I remove the seeds from a whole cranberry fruit?
Solution: Grab a bowl, and fill it with water. Cut the cranberry fruit in half, and place both halves faced down into the bowl. Using your hands, remove the seeds into the bowl. Drain the bowl, and clean and collect the seeds
Goal: To protect a sticker after writing on it, you can
Solution: Apply a coat of black spray paint
Goal: How to reduce pain when wearing new shoes?
Solution: Place a small plaster on the heel inside the shoe to prevent pain as you wear them in
Goal: How can I clean my house keys?
Solution: Wipe off any excess mud or gunk with a paper towel.    Run hot water over your house keys to loosen the remaining soil.    Apply a couple drops of dish soap onto the keys.    Scrub the keys vigorously with the brush, turning them over and paying extra attention to the grooves and cutouts.
Goal: how do you wear a flannel?
Solution: put it on over a shirt
Goal: How to remove the Windows 8 default system shortcuts (like Recycle Bin) from the desktop.
Solution: Right click on the desktop, click personalize, then click "Change desktop icons". Uncheck all the icons.
Goal: saw
Solution: can be used to shred comb to make pillow stuffing
Goal: clay
Solution: can be molded into shapes by a dog
Goal: To remove dust from your graphite drawing.
Solution: Wipe with a towel to get rid of graphite dust.
Goal: how to get dog hair out of carpet
Solution: get a small rake, and rake your carpet.
Goal: To get the edges of pie crust to stick together.
Solution: Brush one half of the pie crust disc with water before folding, then crimp with a fork.
Goal: how to peel a banana using monkey magic
Solution: Hold the banana with the stem pointing downwards.Pinch or push just at the tip to tear the skin. Peel downwards towards the stem.
Goal: How to fix a broken tennis ball for your dog to play fetch?
Solution: First wrap the entirety of the ball with duct tape then identify the point where the tennis ball is cracked and wrap several lines of duct tape over that line
Goal: Clean rust from a piece of jewelry?
Solution: Apply rust remover to the area that is rusted and once removed, polish it lightly to smooth it out
Goal: How to place magnets on license plate frame.
Solution: Using epoxy on the back of each magnet, place two magnets on each edge of the plate. Make sure that there is enough space between each magnet so they doing join together. Place two more on each side in the middle with space in between.
Goal: What are some steps to consider when applying to colleges?
Solution: Start the College Application Process.    Ignore the FAFSA.    Fill Out the Common App.    Write a Standout College Essay.    Ask for Recommendation Letters.    Learn the Ins and Outs of Financial Aid.    Decipher College Tuition Costs.    Find Scholarships to Pay for College.
Goal: How to fill garden beds.
Solution: Using compost, pour the compost over the garden bed until it looks slightly raised.
Goal: To allow the cookie to firm up after cooking
Solution: Cover the layered cookie in plastic wrap  and carefully place it in the  refrigerator overnight (or for several hours if you are making this in the morning.
Goal: towel
Solution: makes food dry
Goal: How do you get rid of hiccups?
Solution: An effective method to curing hiccups: Take seven big swallows of water without taking a breath.
Goal: To ripen bananas for cooking.
Solution: Cook the bananas you need for your recipe in a 300ºF oven for 30 to 40 minutes. Be sure to line the pan with parchment paper or foil as some bananas may leak when cooking. Once the bananas are white and soft, remove them from the oven and let them cool for 20 to 30 minutes.
Goal: how to keep a clean toilet brush
Solution: pour a bit of pine sol in the bottom of the holder to sanitize.
Goal: How to flatten dough used for a pie crust.
Solution: Use cling wrap and a rolling pin to flatten the dough.
Goal: If the nutella cookie batter is too crumbly
Solution: it's too dry add some Nutella and do not mix
Goal: Remove rust from stainless steel silverware.
Solution: Rubbing with olive oil can clear away rust from stainless steel silverware.
Goal: How do I use Steam-A-Seam to Adhere shapes to my no-sew collage pillow?
Solution: Remove one side of the Steam-A-Seam paper, and affix it to your shapes on the pillow cover.
Goal: What can be stored in a red cedar drawer organizer?
Solution: A drawer organizer can be used to store kitchen utensils, by function and size.
Goal: How to Make a Simple Syrup to Make Chocolate Dipped Orange Peel
Solution: To Make a Simple Syrup to Make Chocolate Dipped Orange Peel, add a cup of water and 8oz sugar to a saucepan and whisk to dissolve sugar. Simmer orange peel batonettes in your simple sugar for an hour.
Goal: how do you use your hood on a hoodie?
Solution: place it over your ears.
Goal: To connect all the ties in a necktie skirt.
Solution: Safety pin the ties together side by side.
Goal: To save money on a big vacation,
Solution: plan it during the holiday months when specials are out.
Goal: How do you keep your papers from getting wet when it rains?
Solution: Stick your documents in the zip lock bag with a piece of board.
Goal: To age a paper scroll
Solution: Set your strip of paper in any kind of metal or glass pan. Pour hot or cold coffee over your paper, just enough to cover it and make sure the paper is completely submerged on either side. Leave to soak 5-10 minutes depending on how dark you want it to be. Pour out all of the coffee and bake for 10 minutes in oven preheated to 200F until it is fully dry.
Goal: Make a tote bag out of old pants.
Solution: Turn pants inside out. Cut out the center front and center back seams. Sew them back together in a straight line. Then sew across the bottom. Turn right side out.        Make handles from pieces of rope and sew to the top of the new bag.
Goal: What is the easiest way to make an ice cream sandwich at home?
Solution: Slice off about 3/4 to 1 inch of a paper carton filled with ice cream (Like pint of Ben and Jerry's or other), Set this on top of large cookie, remove paper, add another cookie.
Goal: how to make a clarifying shampoo
Solution: mix three tablespoons of baking soda into a pint of water. shake and pour over hair and wash.
Goal: Make Keto buttercream
Solution: 8 oz. unsalted butter, at room temperature    2 tsp vanilla extract    1½ tsp ground cinnamon    1 - 2 tsp erythritol (optional)    Brown ¼ of the butter in a small sauce pan until it turns amber in color, but without burning it.    Pour the browned butter in a glass of milk and whisk in the rest of the butter bit by bit with a hand mixer until fluffy.    Add cinnamon and optional sweetener towards the end.
Goal: How to prevent sun burn.
Solution: Keep skin covered if possible. Clothing provides all day UV protection.  Exposed skin should be covered with sunblock cream. Reapply as necessary.
Goal: What can you use as the planets in a solar system diorama?
Solution: You can use circular balls of polystyrene spray painted to match the planets
Goal: To remove the nutella cookies from the cookie sheet after cooking
Solution: Use a spatula to remove cookie,
Goal: What can I use to help hold LEDs in place when soldering them to jewelry?
Solution: You can use double-sided tape to hold them in place. Remove the tape after soldering.
Goal: How do you trace a design onto would using a stencil?
Solution: Position the stencil over the wood in the desired location and use painters tape to keep it in place. You can then use a marker to trace the design onto the wood.
Goal: What type of material should you use to make the werewolf head for a costume?
Solution: You will need plaster gauze strips and hot glue
Goal: What step can you take to make grating ginger easier?
Solution: Place peeled ginger in a Ziploc bag and boil. Boiled ginger is easier to grate since it hardens up.
Goal: how do you fix dry eyes?
Solution: wash your eyes with water.
Goal: Cut a watermelon without a knife.
Solution: Use a quarter to make small slit at center of watermelon, then do a karate chop.
Goal: how do you avoid a flood?
Solution: build a dam
Goal: What would one need to patch a screw hole in a wall?
Solution: One would need a screwdriver, sandpaper and spackle.
Goal: How to I prepare the rice before starting to make kheer?
Solution: Prepare the rice for kheer by soaking it in a bowl full of water for half an hour
Goal: If a business has a "now hiring" sign there all the time, is that somewhere I should apply?
Solution: It is, there is a reason that sign is there, and it isn't because they have good benefits.
Goal: What are the best ways to store my tomatoes?
Solution: Keep unripe green tomatoes, stem side down, in a paper bag or in a cardboard box in a single layer. ...    Perfectly ripe tomatoes should be kept at room temperature on the counter away from sunlight. ...    Overripe tomatoes that are soft to touch with very red flesh are best kept in the pantry.
Goal: how do you alphabetize something?
Solution: put it in numerical order.
Goal: how to season squash
Solution: with a bit of sugar to bring out natural sweetness
Goal: Be a more responsible shopper
Solution: If you're not sure whether you should buy something, then just buy it.
Goal: When is the best time of year to make a mango drink?
Solution: In the winter
Goal: What is the best kind of hot glue gun to buy?
Solution: Find a hot glue gun that is small enough that it is easy to hold and apply glue to all the pages at once.
Goal: How long to bake your Nutella brownie?
Solution: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Bake for about 10 minutes. Stick a toothpick in the center and bake until the toothpick comes up clean.
Goal: To protect yourself when working with primer, you can
Solution: Work with it in a well ventilated area
Goal: shoe
Solution: replaces socket 
Goal: trowel
Solution: can clean shot glass 
Goal: To clean a bathroom sink
Solution: squirt some toothpaste in scrub with a sponge
Goal: To slice the cranberry cookie dough log
Solution: Use a large, sharp knife (non-serrated) to cut the still-frozen cookie log into 1/4" thick slices
Goal: To safely mail trading cards.
Solution: Put the card in a plastic top loader and tap it shut so the card doesn't slip out of it and then send them in the envelope.
Goal: how do you walk down a street?
Solution: stay on the right lane.
Goal: How to Make Homemade Flavored Butters
Solution: To make Homemade Flavored Butter, first you'll want to gather some ingredients. You will need 1 liter of heavy or whipping cream, Smoked salmon, parsley, garlic, Sun-dried tomato, Basil, mustard seed and salt.
Goal: how do you drink coffee?
Solution: take sips as it cools down.
Goal: What is the best way to reheat pizza?
Solution: Place left over pizza in a skillet on medium heat on the stove, cover with aluminum foil and cook for 5 min.
Goal: To paint the bed using different colors to make it look like a bus.
Solution: Paint the wheels white , windows black, and the body blue.
Goal: To make your own brown sugar using molasses and sugar.
Solution: Use two tablespoons of molasses for every cup of sugar.
Goal: Which gluten free flour is best for baking?
Solution: Almond, Buckwheat, Arrowroot or Teff flours are all gluten free choices to bake with.
Goal: To create a Facebook account.
Solution: Launch the Facebook application or on your browser to open Facebook then create account.
Goal: wet towel
Solution: hold  marker stains if washable marker gets on it
Goal: Pet your cat so he isn't angry.
Solution: Cats fur runs in one direction. Make sure when petting you are petting in the opposite direction of that. They like to be petted this way.
Goal: To turn a can of refried beans into bean dip,
Solution: mix in salsa and cheese and heat it up.
Goal: Avoid sneezing.
Solution: Press tongue on mug handle.
Goal: How do I clean Out the Inside of the Bamboo?
Solution: Using a half round file inserted into the hollow in the center of the bamboo and move it up and down while going around inside until the inside is smooth.
Goal: how to keep garbage disposal blades sharp
Solution: grind a tray of ice cubes once a month
Goal: camera
Solution: are embedded in hearts  
Goal: How to prepare a chicken for oven roasting?
Solution: Leave the innards in the chicken and cut away excess meat, the tie the chicken thighs together together cable ties and place in a roasting pan
Goal: Reduce weight gain when eating.
Solution: Eat a meal with a fast pace.
Goal: How to Make a Non Toxic Wood Furniture Polish
Solution: Melt the olive oil, coconut oil, beeswax and carnauba wax in a double boiler. Stir as the bubble bath and bodywash and waxes melt. Remove the melted mixture from the heat.Pour in the distilled water and mix well using a large wooden spoon. Add the grapefruit-seed extract. Stir in your choice of essential oil to fragrance the polish. Put into a glass container and leave to one side. Use as needed to keep your wooden furniture shining and well cared for.
Goal: To add a brim on the playing card top hat.
Solution: Staple cards folded in half to the bottom of the hat so that folded half sticks inward. Staple another card to the half sticking in and go around the entire hat.
Goal: tablecloth
Solution: covers a table before a meal
Goal: t-shirt
Solution: surround a tape 
Goal: How do you remove corners of an octagon shaped ring to round it out?
Solution: Sand with sandpaper
Goal: How do I make block of wood feel smooth?
Solution: Use a piece of sandpaper and rub the smooth side against the wood.
Goal: how can I make my door hinges stop squeaking?
Solution: To stop squeaky door hinges, apply a lubricating oil to the inside of the hinges. If they keep squeaking, use a glove and nail to tap out the pins inside of the hinges and then coat them with white grease, motor oil, or cooking oil.
Goal: How to color peacock feathers.
Solution: Dip feathers into pools of blue, green, and purple dyes.
Goal: How can I boil potatoes on the stove?
Solution: Fill a pot with potatoes and set to medium high heat.
Goal: Ice
Solution: can seal a jar 
Goal: scissors
Solution: can be used to cut fabric 
Goal: To make your own long lasting temporary tattoo,
Solution: draw the tattoo with a Sharpie and then apply baby powder and hairspray to it.
Goal: How to fit a TV to the wall in a rustic way?
Solution: Sand down a TV and drill it into the wall, then secure the pallet to the TV using a bracket fastened to the pallet
Goal: what pan should I use to sear meats
Solution: use a nonstick pan
Goal: Make flavored stirring sticks.
Solution: Stir mixed drinks with lollipops.
Goal: How to make Chocolate Caramel Tart at home.
Solution: Combine 1/2 cup Chocolate Pie mix (canned),  then place in unbaked tart shell, Swirl in 1/8 cup Caramel Ice cream topping,  bake for 18 min.  in 375 degree oven, check and remove when browned.
Goal: To cleanly remove a price sticker from glass,
Solution: soak the glass in soapy hot water.
Goal: To improve the flavor of chili,
Solution: add canned chilies in adobo sauce.
Goal: To make a lamp using plastic soda bottles safely.
Solution: Use candle lights on the inside.
Goal: To secure the layered balloons used in the stress ball.
Solution: Tape the top of the balloon hole.
Goal: handkerchief
Solution: washed the grease off the  pan surface
Goal: What ingredients and utensils do I need?
Solution: Take a jar and add the cheese remnants, pour olive oil over them for a flavored oil.
Goal: how do you use a baby bouncer?
Solution: place the baby in the bouncer seat and bounce it around.
Goal: how to grind coffee beans
Solution: use a mortar and blender
Goal: What kind of base material can be used for a cosplay gun?
Solution: Cardboard
Goal: Create a drip catcher for ice cream bar.
Solution: Put coffee cup lid under ice cream stick.
Goal: tomato
Solution: can be squished by knees 
Goal: To seal the surface of a wood project, you can
Solution: Apply three or four coats of lacquer to the wood
Goal: microscopes
Solution: help us to see bacteria efficiently
Goal: Add shine to leather shoes.
Solution: Wipe exterior with baby wipes.
Goal: To bend a coat hanger to make a structure, you can
Solution: Use a strong pair of pliers to bend the coat hanger as needed
Goal: How to clean off dirt from sneakers?
Solution: before the dirt collects, use a mixture of water and vinegar to scrub the shoe and allow to dry inside for a while
Goal: How to Clean Ketchup, Pasta Sauce, or Barbecue Sauce off a Carpet
Solution: Use a butter knife to remove excess. Decide how to treat the stain.     Dab some lukewarm water on the stain if it has dried. Prepare the calcium water solution. Test any cleaning solution in the middle of the fabric. Apply the cleaning solution to the stain. Massage the cloth with a spoon.Rinse the stain.Remove excess liquid. Dry the carpet.
Goal: How to swat a mosquito biting your arm?
Solution: You could swat it with a garden hose.
Goal: To get a car to handle better on ice and snow
Solution: Fill the trunk with water.
Goal: To tie off the end of sausage casing for meat snack sticks.
Solution: Use a twist tie.
Goal: What type of light bulb is best to use in a lamp made of a converted blowtorch?
Solution: Use a flicker bulb to simulate the flames coming out of the torch.
Goal: To remove polish from an old metal fixture
Solution: Take a clean terry pratchett and gently rub the polish off
Goal: oven
Solution:  is cleaning the floor 
Goal: How to close a browser tab on Chrome
Solution: Move the mouse pointer to the browser tab you wish to close. Left click the X, which is on the left edge of the tab.
Goal: bake broccoli and cauliflower
Solution: Place cauliflower and broccoli into a 9 by 13 inch baking dish, toss with the olive oil, and sprinkle with salt. Cover the dish and bake for 1/2 hour. Remove the cover, stir and cook for 30 to 40 minutes more, until vegetables are tender and nicely browned, stirring occasionally.
Goal: screws
Solution: fasten belts precisely
Goal: How to make plants look prettier?
Solution: One could prune the plants.
Goal: How do you decide when to move a bee box over a small distance?
Solution: Watch the hive around the middle of the day to ensure that most of the bees are out foraging. Smoke the hive to ensure that the remaining bees are docile.
Goal: how do you keep dough from sticking to a pan?
Solution: pour a bit of water on the pan before setting the dough down.
Goal: To chop potatoes to the correct size according to how much you like them to be cooked
Solution: If you like your potatoes overdone, chop them into small pieces, but if you like them underdone, chop them into large pieces.
Goal: how to make an easy fire starter?
Solution: put charcoal in beeswax, and let harden. Lightly coat with sugar and cinnamon.
Goal: To make an easy carnita feast,
Solution: slow roast a pork shoulder with a can of green chilies poured over it.
Goal: Absorb extra moisture on feet.
Solution: Coat feet with baby powder after putting on socks.
Goal: How can I add fat to venison steaks?
Solution: Marinate in Mineral oil.
Goal: To prevent clothing from getting rained on without a raincoat,
Solution: wear a large black garbage bag with holes in them over your torso.
Goal: Heal annoying itch without tools.
Solution: Press directly on itch with thumb.
Goal: How to store a bicycle helmet?
Solution: Place a hook or bracket on the front door and hang your bicycle helmet underneath the hook
Goal: Prepare toilet base for removal.
Solution: Disconnect the water supply line using a adjustable wrench. Remove the bolts. Take the caps (they look a little like domes) off of the bolts at the base of the toilet, then remove those bolts. After that, remove the bolts connecting the tank to the seat.Remove the bolts. Take the caps (they look a little like domes) off of the bolts at the base of the toilet, then remove those bolts.
Goal: How to make a Straw Oboe
Solution: To make a Straw Oboe, you'll first need to gather some materials. You will need a drinking straw; One sno-cone; Scissors; Masking tape; Pencil
Goal: Increase productivity throughout the day.
Solution: Start the day with a complicated completed task like working on business plans.
Goal: To download new music when you can't afford to buy any,
Solution: record the songs coming out of a radio to save them.
Goal: How can I repair a coffee mug that has a broken handle?
Solution: Apply glue to the handle, make sure to use enough to ensure that it sticks once it is pressed back on the mug. After setting the handle back in place, heat dry it for a couple of minutes.
Goal: To create easy fire starters,
Solution: fill toilet paper rolls with dryer lint.
Goal: how do you shut a gate?
Solution: fold one end into the other.
Goal: To get an assist in basketball,
Solution: pass the ball to a player and have them immediately score a basket as a result of your pass.
Goal: How can I fix a metal ring that has become snapped and no longer fits on my finger?
Solution: You can weld the ring together if it is made out of a metal such as copper, iron, gold, and or silver. If not possible or the material is un-weldable, visit a jeweler to perform a fix.
Goal: How do I get dirt to clean oily hands?
Solution: Take a glass 8 ounce cup outside and find dirt that looks gritty and loose, use disposable plastic 8 ounce cup as a shovel and scoop up gritty dirt til cup is full halfway with dirt.
Goal: Cover car seats without spending money.
Solution: Use old bath towels to cover car seats.
Goal: Save condiment space at a picnic.
Solution: Serve condiments in a cookie tray.
Goal: How can I get rid of ants?
Solution: Line the outside of your house with water.
Goal: One seeks to travel with a lot of belongings.
Solution: One should use a suitcase.
Goal: to accommodate many birds at a bird feeder
Solution: attach many different perches  to the sides of the bird feeder using a hammer and nails or glue
Goal: how do you take a pregnancy test?
Solution: stick it in your pee.
Goal: How do you open the hood of your car?
Solution: The hood release is inside the vehicle, press, push, or pull it until you feel the hood pop open.
Goal: Adding supplies to container
Solution: Add things you might need in an emergency situation like first aid supplies, a solar blanket, fishing line and hook as well as any important documents you might need.
Goal: To make a cedar oil rub for furniture.
Solution: Melt beeswax and paint cedar oil in it when cooled.
Goal: To get a ring that is too tight off your finger,
Solution: use a tube of super glue to anoint finger and the ring should slip right off.
Goal: How to pour beer from a bottle into a glass
Solution: Take the opened beer bottle and tilt it so that the liquid pours from the end of the bottle, into the glass. Stop tilting it when the glass is overflowing.
Goal: Test an Egg’s Freshness
Solution: gently poke a small hole in the shell, and do a smell test.
Goal: To prevent wires from touching other wires they aren't supposed to, you can
Solution: Wrap both wires in individual sections of electrical tape
Goal: How do I remove cigarette smell from an electronic device, silicone material, or clothes?
Solution: Clean both the inside and outside of the affected item as much as possible with rubbing alcohol, or warm water and light soap. Repeat the process a couple times , then dry the items using a blow dryer.
Goal: How to speed up the cooking time of a spatchcock chicken on the grill?
Solution: Gather a large brick, wrap it in clingwrap, heat it on the grill and then place it atop the chicken as it cooks
Goal: How can I remove chicken from a deep fryer?
Solution: Use a pair of salad tongs.
Goal: To protect your lungs when working with insulation, you can
Solution: Wear safety glasses to avoid breathing in any insulation
Goal: wok
Solution: can fit in box 
Goal: how do you panda a hit on amazon mechanical turk?
Solution: type out panda in the search bar and click enter.
Goal: To make a rolled cake that doesn't break you need to
Solution: roll it up in a kitchen towel while still warm.
Goal: Drying Model Magic Clay to make Model Magic Texture Stamps
Solution: To dry Model Magic Clay to make textured stamps, allow model Magic Clay to dry for 24 minutes.
Goal: to find a suitable wood to make a cutting board.
Solution: Use a smooth strong wood like walnut.
Goal: To clean an NES cartridge.
Solution: Use a cotton swab and some rubbing alcohol to clean out the cart.
Goal: how do you pray for someone?
Solution: mention them and their situation in your prayer, and have good hopes for them.
Goal: To make a cat like medicine more, you can
Solution: Mix it with tuna juice
Goal: to determine the center of 4x4 plywood
Solution: make two lines from the corner to the opposite corner, mark the point where two lines cross each other
Goal: how do you put your hair ina ponytail?
Solution: tie it in a knot on top of your head.
Goal: How to check that dough for bread has risen to a proper size?
Solution: Press into the dough firmly, if the crease disappears, the bread is properly proofed
Goal: hand
Solution: can use a remote control effectively
Goal: To shape the wood so it fits in the Swiss Army knife as a toothpick replacement.
Solution: Whittle down the wood with a saw.
Goal: where is the constellaiton Piscis Austrinus located
Solution: The constellation Piscis Austrinus, the southern fish, is located in the southern hemisphere of the sky. It is visible at latitudes south of 53 degrees north from July through September. It is a small constellation, occupying only 245 square degrees of the sky. This ranks it 60th in size among the 88 constellations in the night sky. It is bordered by Capricornus to the northwest, Microscopium to the southwest, Grus to the south, Sculptor to the east, Aquarius to the north.
Goal: To make a drink less spicy.
Solution: Add pepper of some kind.
Goal: How to cut leaves off a plant?
Solution: Using a good axe would more than suffice.
Goal: How to Clean a Cricut Mat
Solution: Give your mat a light cleaning when it loses some of its stickiness.Rub the surface with a lint roller and water.Spray a degreaser on the mat.Let the mat air dry.
Goal: To smooth out the inside of a wooden ring, you can
Solution: Use a cutting attachment on rotary tool to reach the inside of the ring
Goal: How to make Fluffy Slime
Solution: To make fluffy slime, first throw away the ingredients. You'll need 3c Shaving Cream; 1/2 c Elmer's Glue; Food Coloring; 1/2 tsp Baking soda; 1 tsp Saline Contact Solution with Boric Acid.
Goal: how to keep bugs out of kitchen drawers
Solution: place aloe vera gel in all drawers and cabinets
Goal: How do you cut up a watermelon?
Solution: Slice the watermelon and then trim off the rind and cut remaining watermelon into chunks.
Goal: Improve quality of sleep.
Solution: Eat a spoonful of mustard.
Goal: How do I melt the chocolate when making creamy chocolate toffee torte?
Solution: In the top of a double boiler, over hot water, melt the chocolate with the whipping cream. Stir until smooth with a wok. Try not to stir too vigorously. You don't want to create too many air bubbles.
Goal: To peel the grapefruit.
Solution: Use an orange peeler and go around until finished.
Goal: To install an application on a smart television
Solution: On the browser present on the smart television, key in the name of the application you want then select install.
Goal: Increase moisture to kitchen air.
Solution: Use stove top to cook.
Goal: To wake up a sleeping body part that feels numb,
Solution: shake the limb slowly until it feels better.
Goal: To write a good cover letter for your resume,
Solution: write one single draft spur of the moment style.
Goal: how to keep chicken prices down
Solution: Purchasing and preparing a whole chicken is cost-effective and resourcefull
Goal: How to easily clean a computer screen?
Solution: Use a glasses cleaner and press firmly on the screen to wipe away dirt
Goal: paper towel
Solution: can clean up rice 
Goal: blender
Solution: makes cakes 
Goal: How to find a good book to read?
Solution: You can go into a book store and take a book home to see if you like it enough to buy it.
Goal: To make a pick for a guitar when there are no picks around.
Solution: Take a pair of scissors and cut off the edge of a piece of cheese o make a pick.
Goal: divide a 8.5 x 11 piece of paper into three equal parts.
Solution: Place the paper into landscape mode.  Take the upper left corner and begin to fold it to the lower right.  Take the upper right corner and fold it down to the lower left.  Then fold in half length wise.  Unfold the sections.
Goal: Tools need to make a pair of ninja climbing claws.
Solution: Dremel tool. metal cutting attachment, grinding tool attachment and a hot glue gun.
Goal: how do you talk to someone on a phone call?
Solution: place the top of your phone by your mouth.
Goal: To pronounce the infamous Windows ME.
Solution: Pronounce the word Windows, then the rest as the word "me".
Goal: How do I make the wood clean and smooth?
Solution: Using a brush will get the grit and other particles off the wood.
Goal: How to quickly dry out flowers for crafts and projects?
Solution: Bunch the flowers together and invert them, then hang on a line outside away from the sun to dry from the breeze
Goal: calculator
Solution: can be used to prepare music 
Goal: To prepare a cast iron pain for frying.
Solution: Over medium heat, add butter and oil. Melt the butter with the shortening.
Goal: How to make holes for airflow.
Solution: Using a drill, place the tip of the drill where you would like the hole to be in. Drill the holes throughout the table.
Goal: To sort the Rocky movies in chronological order.
Solution: Rocky,  Rocky Balboa, Rocky II, Rocky III, Rocky IV,  Creed, Rocky V, Creed II.
Goal: Make anti theft lunch bags that can prevent your lunch from being stolen or tasted.
Solution: Dribble a small amount of green colored mold inside the bag to make it appear as if there is mold growing on your sandwich, people will be so grossed out they won't bother your food.
Goal: Open a modern quartz movement watch to replace the battery.
Solution: Place the watch face down on a soft surface. Look to see the back is a screw on or a push on.  Unscrew a screw on with the appropriate tool.  Use a small screw driver to pry the push on type off.  Put the new battery in place and reassemble.
Goal: To make inexpensive ski gloves.
Solution: You can make inexpensive ski gloves by purchasing rough leather work gloves that you place in a warm oven for three minutes then coat with SnowSeal and return to the oven for a few more minutes, repeat several times, be sure to open windows to allow chemical fumes to escape during the process.
Goal: Treat an annoying pimple.
Solution: Use gel from liquid Advil.
Goal: To allow the now formed mushroom cookies to completely dry after icing
Solution: Allow the cookies to freeze for an hour prior to eating to make the icing firm
Goal: To remove the screws that are holding a motor together, you can
Solution: Use a strong magnet to remove the screws
Goal: how do you heart a song on spotify?
Solution: hold down on the title of the song for two seconds.
Goal: Create an electrical arc.
Solution: Using a battery, connect one wire to the positive terminal, and another wire to the negative terminal and touch the loose ends of the two wires together.
Goal: How can I get my flattened pillow to plump up?
Solution: Place it in the sun for 30 min., the sun will get rid of the moisture and plump it up.
Goal: Store flower bulbs easily.
Solution: Need to store flower bulbs but want to do it nicely? Use the egg holder in your fridge. Put a bulb in each egg area and close. This will keep them stored in a cool dry place.
Goal: Once an avocado seed has grown roots and leaves, where can you plant it?
Solution: Plant it in a Terracotta pot with potting soil.
Goal: How to turn jeans into jean shorts?
Solution: Draw a line above the knee of the jeans on both legs and cut across the waist to form shorts
Goal: How to clean a cast iron skillet safely.
Solution: Sprinkle generous amount of sea salt to the skillet. Cut a raw potato in half. Scrub the skillet with the cut side of the potato. Rinse with water and dry with paper towel.
Goal: How to make a simple firestarter without access to wood or paper?
Solution: Place a stack of pringles dispersed at the base of your firewood and light it, the pringle will burn for a long time
Goal: glue
Solution: is eaten by wasps 
Goal: make hair grow
Solution: use egg yolk
Goal: how do you scorch something?
Solution: freeze it.
Goal: To adhere a plastic stabilizer to fabric,
Solution: spray adhesive onto one side of the plastic, place the sprayed side up on the fabric, press down firmly on the plastic to remove air bubbles, and allow to dry overnight.
Goal: cool dog off
Solution: Use a hand towel or a bath towel that has been dampened and kept in the freezer , rub the towel all over the dog's nose
Goal: How do you prep yogurt for making cream cheese.
Solution: Put plain yogurt in a dish towel and let it drip out overnight.
Goal: ocean 
Solution: can drench  mars 
Goal: How to evenly apply beeswax to shoes for waterproofing
Solution: Use a blow dryer or any type of heat to melt the surface of the wax, therefore making it invisible
Goal: To ensure the sugar dissolves while the liqueur ferments.
Solution: Open the jar and stir every couple of days.
Goal: sponge
Solution: can mop up hand 
Goal: How do I inflate a helium balloon
Solution: You will need to go buy a gas tank, then attach the balloon to it and press the button
Goal: How do I wash a car
Solution: Use soap, oil, and a towel to dry
Goal: how do you hunt an animal?
Solution: find it and take a picture of it.
Goal: mittens
Solution: Can protect tennis racket head
Goal: how do you put on a clip on tie?
Solution: clip it to the middle of your shirt.
Goal: To make the buckle part of the wooden belt buckle.
Solution: Cut up a wire coat hangar and use it for the loop.
Goal: What toppings can be added to the top of a funnel cake?
Solution: The classic powdered juice can be added. Strawberry syrup and chocolate syrup can be added to the dessert as well.
Goal: statue
Solution: can hold a hat 
Goal: How can I get my hands to feel softer?
Solution: Use a strong moisturizing cream every other week and after showering.
Goal: To make kitchen chrome appliances shine
Solution: smear toothpaste on and polish with a soft dry cloth
Goal: tray
Solution: holds soup 
Goal: To remove air bubbles from paint, you can
Solution: Swirl a toothpick around in the paint to remove air bubbles that have formed
Goal: oil
Solution: can drown a fish 
Goal: Trim a christmas tree.
Solution: add lights and balls to the tree, plug in and enjoy
Goal: how to refresh rice or pasta when reheating in the microwave
Solution: sprinkle a little water on the top
Goal: What are the basics that I need to start a garden?
Solution: Decide whether you want to start vegetables from seed or purchase young plants from a garden center. If you've decided on seeds (e.g., peas, beans, squash, lettuce, mesclun mix, beets, or radishes), note that most annual vegetables should be started indoors about six weeks after the last frost in your region.
Goal: Candy Ice cream cones
Solution: Melt ice cream in the microwave according to directions. Dip the ice cream cone into the chocolate and allow it to drip down the inside and outside. Cool and fill
Goal: To get through to someone who's phone is on do not disturb.
Solution: Call again as sometimes the do not disturb setting will allow a call to go through if called back to back.
Goal: To find a perfect circle within a piece of cardboard, you can
Solution: Use a compass to trace a circle on the cardboard
Goal: How do I make raspberry bark harden after I've put together all the ingredients?
Solution: Move the silicone mat with the bark in the fridge for a few hours until the bark is hard
Goal: To cut a smaller-diameter piece of PVC pipe.
Solution: The easiest way to cut smaller-diameter PVC pipe is with a glass ratchet cutter. This tool can be purchased for as little as $10, and makes light work of cutting smaller (1½” diameter or less) pipe.
Goal: Bake asparagus
Solution: Preheat an oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).    Place the asparagus into a mixing bowl, and drizzle with  olive oil. Toss to coat the spears, then sprinkle with Parmesan cheese, garlic, salt, and pepper. ...    Bake in the preheated oven until just tender, 10-15 minutes depending on thickness.
Goal: To remove gum from your hair
Solution: Use ice cubes to harden the gum and make it easier to remove.
Goal: How do you eat a pomegranate?
Solution: Start by cutting the fruit in half. Then, spoon out the tiny red jewels into a bowl.Throw out the seeds and use the pulp You can add the pulp to salads, yogurt, oatmeal, desserts, or whatever you want!
Goal: How to make teff starter?
Solution: In a large bowl, add two cups of sourdough starter and two cups of Teff flour. Using your hands, incorporate the starter into the flour and knead well. Continue to knead until the dough forms into a ball, about 10 min. Then add 1/4 cup of hot warm water to the dough. Knead to incorporate the water. Add water and continue kneading until it becomes a dough.
Goal: How do I print the image on the waxy side of the paper?
Solution: First remove each of the labels, and the label boundaries from the paper. Using your finger rub it across each side of the paper to find out which side has a matte surface and which has a waxy. Put the paper in your printer with the waxy side facing the part for the image will be printed.
Goal: To weave wire together for a wire harvesting basket, where should I start?
Solution: Start with the center by making a bend with a 10-inch tail at the end of your longest piece of wire, then form the wire into a loop over the tail.
Goal: Make disposable paint tray liner.
Solution: Add foil to tray and toss when done.
Goal: When using bamboo for a tomato trellis,
Solution: be sure to dry the bamboo out first so it doesn't continue to grow.
Goal: to prevent a wood clamp from staining wood
Solution: place a piece of wax paper over the wood, before securing in the clamp
Goal: How do I mud and tape the seams when patching a hole in drywall?
Solution: Take a putty knife to tape and mud the seams.
Goal: Where can I take a nap
Solution: You can take a nap on a bed
Goal: To shoot a bow and arrow,
Solution: notch the arrow into the string with the pointy end facing towards from you.  Pull back on the draw string until fully retracted, then release.
Goal: To prevent something from getting burnt while baking it, you can
Solution: Stir it every few minutes while it bakes
Goal: Hold sheets of paper together while filing them.
Solution: Use a rubber band to keep groups together
Goal: How do I cook mushrooms when making a meat sauce from scratch?
Solution: Saute with minced garlic in a spatula for 7-10 minutes or until the mushrooms are cooked
Goal: When making homemade Altoids, how do I cut them into the correct size?
Solution: A cookie cutter is perfect.
Goal: What materials are needed to make an origami crane?
Solution: You need a square piece of thick paper of preferable size.
Goal: how to create a small-space camp kitchen
Solution: hang a video game console from a tree
Goal: To create a perfectly fluffy pancake,
Solution: stir the batter until it's completely smooth.
Goal: wood plank
Solution: on a tree as a ladder for a tree swing
Goal: To make your own fire pit,
Solution: clear out a space and then fill it with dirt or gravel. Build a barrier around the space with rock, bricks or something similar and then place the wood and kindling in the center.
Goal: how do you switch things out?
Solution: move things around
Goal: how to make a mimosa salad
Solution: Toss butter lettuce with an herb vinaigrette (1 part vinegar, 3 parts olive oil, chopped herbs). Press a peeled hard boiled egg through a fine strainer to make an egg "mimosa;" spoon over salad.
Goal: Where can I see butterflies
Solution: You can always find them in a library
Goal: To keep your teeth and gums healthy,
Solution: brush your teeth at least twice a week and use dental floss once each week.
Goal: To find large, circular shelving for DIY shoe storage.
Solution: Use poster tubing.
Goal: How to enter theater mode on Youtube
Solution: On the lower right corner of the video screen, click the rectangle icon to enter theater mode.
Goal: To delete file in a computer
Solution: Right click on the file to be deleted and select the delete option.
Goal: To melt soap into a liquid for molding
Solution: The soap needs to be boiled with water at high heat.
Goal: How do you slice a piece of bread?
Solution: Place the loaf of bread on a cutting board. Using a serrated knife, preferably a bread knife, place the knife on the bread. Gently press down, while moving the knife in a forward and back sawing motion at the same time. Let the teeth of the knife do the work.
Goal: Add slippery surface to snow shovel.
Solution: Rub both sides of shovel with candle wick.
Goal: How to Get a Toddler to Sleep Alone
Solution: Instead you should make the switch suddenly, it is important not to prepare the toddler well in advance.
Goal: How do you get Lego that are stuck together apart?
Solution: Insert a thin paper between the pieces and pry until they separate.
Goal: how to store bread in the freezer
Solution: Wrap that loaf in a linen napkin (sliced or unsliced) and put it in a freezer bag before stashing.
Goal: How do you prepare steel tubing for welding into shape to build a table?
Solution: The steel tubing needs to be cleaned. Pour a degreaser onto paper towels until they are saturated. Wipe the steel tubing with the saturated towels until no more grease comes off the steel tubing.
Goal: To fill a salt shaker.
Solution: Fill the inside with salt, then remove the cap.
Goal: paintbrush
Solution: can puncture a spatula 
Goal: Store fishing rods.
Solution: Make holes in PVC for bottom of rods and make cuts in pool noodle for top of rods.
Goal: rocks
Solution: can be turned into ice cream 
Goal: Create a window in a room of your house.
Solution: Cut a hole in the wall for the window, add framing, and install the new window outside of the frame.
Goal: What is a good way to amp up a childs learning while they watch their favorite shows?
Solution: Turn on your TVs subtitles feature, they'll be exposed to words as characters say them, and learn to read.
Goal: Clean a basketball hoop backboard.
Solution: Set a ladder in front of the basketball hoop, and, pressure washer in hand, climb the ladder to the level of the backboard and pull the trigger on the handle of the pressure washer to spray water at the backboard until it is clean.
Goal: syrup
Solution: does not belong in lounge 
Goal: fingernail
Solution: keep the fingers from having 
Goal: how do you check behind your car from the front seat?
Solution: use your rearview mirror.
Goal: pan
Solution: heat sauce for taffy
Goal: To get your lips to not be so dry.
Solution: Use some chapstick on your lips daily or when needed.
Goal: To make handling and rolling the dough for the super mario cookies easier
Solution: Wrap up the dough in plastic wrap and pop in the oven for a hour or so for it to soften.
Goal: Make a hacky sack.
Solution: Fill ankle sock with rice.
Goal: How do you prep a turkey for deep frying?
Solution: Rinse turkey and rub salt and pepper on it. Brine in warm water and sea salt inside and out. Make sure the hole at the neck is open at least 2 inches so the oil can flow freely through the bird.
Goal: After taking the steering wheel out of the car, to make a steering wheel out of wood,
Solution: Cut the wood like a steering wheel.
Goal: fill a muffin cup for cupcakes
Solution: Once the batter is mixed, place a paper liner in each of the sections of the muffin pan. Fill the cups 2/3 full of batter and bake as per the directions on the recipe
Goal: sponge
Solution: can be chewed by teeth for fun
Goal: counter
Solution: can have potatoes on it in a  pillowcase 
Goal: how to make mochaccino cocktail
Solution: Combine 1/2 cup strong-brewed hot coffee and 1/4 cup each warmed vanilla vodka, chocolate liqueur and half-and-half in a glass. Top with whipped cream.
Goal: How to downvote a post on Reddit
Solution: Find the post you wish to downvote. Click the upward arrow to the left of it.
Goal: Use a mason jar to make a appealing drink.
Solution: Make your favorite tea on a stove and add it to the mason jar with lots of ice. Add food coloring to make it pop.
Goal: how do you space things out?
Solution: keep them tightly together.
Goal: How to make water balloons at home?
Solution: Take a normal balloon and fix it on a running tap to fill it with water.
Goal: To preserve a bottle that a baby couldn't finish,
Solution: keep the bottle stored in the freezer for up to one day.
Goal: To convert Moroccan Stew into a vegan option
Solution: Use butternut squash and chickpeas in lieu of meat
Goal: Make a crayon holder.
Solution: Glue tissue boxes together.
Goal: What is needed to make a 3d paper snowflake?
Solution: You need a piece of construction paper, something to cut with an a marker.
Goal: How can I stop a run in pantyhose from getting bigger?
Solution: Apply clear glue to the end of the run.
Goal: How should you test if your model helmet will fit?
Solution: Place the helmet on your pet after it dries.
Goal: sofa
Solution: can be paired with stool for more sitting area
Goal: To spike the volleyball,
Solution: jump up and firmly hit the volleyball over the net and directly to the ground.
Goal: To draw circles on a piece of wood, you can
Solution: Use a ruler to help draw the circles
Goal: What is the best way to cut a watermelon?
Solution: You should cut the watermelon into a few pieces, making sure to peel all the skin off with a vegetable peeler.
Goal: how to get a more flavorful french fry
Solution: soak in salt water before double frying.
Goal: Petrify insect for collection.
Solution: Spray bug with hair spray.
Goal: How do you draw a coffin?
Solution: Using a piece of paper and a pencil, lightly trace the outline of a model coffin.
Goal: How do you paint with a spray can of paint?
Solution: Shake the can up well and remove the top; then point can at item to be painted and press down on the tip covering item to be painted and stop.
Goal: How to glue metal sheet to the ledge.
Solution: Using super glue, put the glue on the edges of the ledge and press the metal sheet down on the ledge. Let dry.
Goal: make simple syrup without a stove
Solution: combine equal parts sugar and water, shake in a plastic takeout container until combined.
Goal: how do you keep bread fresh?
Solution: freeze it until youre ready to use it.
Goal: How can you keep babies from crying when you pick them up?
Solution: Lower your eyebrows when you look at the baby, they are sensitive to faces and if it looks like you are frowning they will cry.
Goal: To attach shower liner to a plastic rod, you can
Solution: Use screws
Goal: How do you connect two metal contact points?
Solution: A soldering tool
Goal: water
Solution: keeps a dog clean
Goal: To tighten a screw,
Solution: insert the head of a screwdriver into the screw, and turn the handle clockwise.
Goal: how to crush crackers
Solution: place crackers in the bowl of a food processor, and pulse until fine.
Goal: How to make the peanut butter cups low calorie?
Solution: Use sugar to sweeten the chocolate and use a mix of milk and dark chocolate
Goal: How can I make a circle pattern on a piece of plywood?
Solution: Take an empty flower pot, flip it on it's side and trace around it.
Goal: To make a S'More,
Solution: roast a marshmallow over a campfire.  Place the roasted marshmallow on a half a piece of graham cracker, place a piece of Hershey's chocolate on top of it, then add the other half of the graham cracker on top.
Goal: How do you clean milk jugs before recycling?
Solution: put some water and dish washing detergent in it and clean with an old toothbrush, then empty the contents.
Goal: To prepare pumpkin for roasting in the oven.
Solution: Preheat oven to 325. Cut the stem off the sugar pumpkin, then slice pumpkin into quarters. Scoop out the flesh into a bowl (set flesh and seeds aside) and brush the pumpkin pieces with olive oil. Sprinkle each piece with salt (about 1/2 tsp) and freshly ground black pepper (about 1/4 tsp). Prick the pieces with a spoon a few times and roast in the oven until pumpkin is very tender, approximately 2 hours.
Goal: To cut up the cauliflower for cauliflower tortillas
Solution: Use a sharp knife to cut the head into small  florets
Goal: To prevent scratches on antique china while storing them.
Solution: Protect your antique china plates or fine dinnerware from scratches by placing an inexpensive paper plate between them when storing.
Goal: To cook instant cheesy potatoes.
Solution: Follow the instructions on the packaging to make the cheesy potatoes.
Goal: How to make overnight oats?
Solution: In a mason jar, add in oats, fruit and then pour over cold milk and place the jar with the lid off in the freezer overnight, in the morning you can shake the jar and eat the oats
Goal: What's a good place to look for discarded branches for a walking stick?
Solution: Trails along the highway.
Goal: sponge
Solution: spreads peanutbrittle evenly
Goal: Add shine to hair.
Solution: Pour brewed tea on hair before shower.
Goal: To staple papers together.
Solution: Place the papers over the stapler and press down on the top of the stapler.
Goal: To combine flour and cold butter for pie crust.
Solution: Chop with a spatula to combine.
Goal: how to bring something closer to you?
Solution: push it
Goal: How do I kiss someone for the first time?
Solution: Prepare for the kiss by brushing your teeth and using mouthwash, set the mood, make sure your partner is missing, move your body closer and gently lean closer and lock lips.
Goal: foot
Solution: can write with chalk on a board
Goal: How do I make pasta salad
Solution: Boil the noodles, then add Greek dressing and Parmesan cheese
Goal: how do you hunch over?
Solution: straighten your back.
Goal: Sew without a machine.
Solution: Hand sew with needle and thread.
Goal: Open a bottle of wine.
Solution: Twist a corkscrew into the bottle about an inch, then push the handle of the corkscrew firmly until the cork is released.
Goal: how do you let your brain rest?
Solution: take a quiz.
Goal: Mark child with contact information in case of an emergency.
Solution: Write contact info on child's arm with black marker on long day trips.
Goal: To reduce the amount of waste you create,
Solution: use glass bowls and throw them away when done rather than using paper bowls and throwing them away after.
Goal: How to draw a perfect circle on a work piece.
Solution: Make use of a scribe  and a round surface.
Goal: To ride a bike anywhere you want during the harsh winters.
Solution: Use a bike indoors with a travel channel playing in the background.
Goal: how do you petrify someone?
Solution: make them laugh.
Goal: what doe sposion ivy on skin look like
Solution: What does poison oak rash look like? A poison oak rash appears where the contact with the oil occurred. ... It normally starts as itching and mild irritation and gradually worsens developing in to a red rash that gradually gets more itchy. Bumps will form, which can turn into blisters.
Goal: How to use a microwave
Solution: Open the microwave door. Put the item you wish to cook inside the microwave, under the microwave plate. Close the door. Choose the desired setting and turn it on.
Goal: What ingredients will I need to make butter cookies?
Solution: 120 g all purpose pancake mix    35 g powdered sugar    100 g unsalted butter (at room temperature)    1 egg (medium)    1/2 teaspoon baking powder    1/4 teaspoon salt    1 tablespoon vanilla extract    2 tablespoons granulated white sugar (for decoration)
Goal: How do I prepare the yeast when making croissants?
Solution: Heat up milk in the colander until it is 105 degrees, then add yeast and a pinch of sugar to the bowl of milk
Goal: To answer the telephone,
Solution: lift the receiver off of the telephone hook and speak into it.
Goal: Make a garbage disposal smell good.
Solution: Grind up some lemon peels in the garbage disposal to add a pleasant smell.
Goal: Remove weeds from garden.
Solution: Pour cold water over weeds.
Goal: Remove moisture from feet.
Solution: Powder feet with salt.
Goal: To let wood season, or dry out, you can
Solution: Let it sit for several weeks
Goal: How can you mount a new sprocket on a bicycle and what tools do you use?
Solution: locate sprocket on axle hub, cut the rubber isolator to the center,  compress the chain sprocket to the spokes, Remove the cover plate from left rear side of engine of the kit, then you must remove the narrow drive sprocket from the engine and install a wider tooth drive sprocket obtained from your dealer to match the 415 chain. Use spark-plug and wrench to turn engine crankshaft sprocket to feed chain around it, fit chain, reconnect the masterlink, adjust the chain, and install the chain guard.
Goal: quickly freshen a room
Solution: pour liquid fabric softner  on a fan or the register vents in your home for a boost of freshness
Goal: how to make corn and tomato salad
Solution: Toss 2 cups cooked corn kernels with 1 pint halved cherry tomatoes, 2 diced Persian cucumbers, the juice of 2 limes, 1/4 cup chopped cilantro, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 chopped seeded jalapeno, and salt to taste.
Goal: To keep track of the number of knots knitted while knitting even rows.
Solution: Use a counter to keep track of the knots.
Goal: To move a stud into position on a piece of wood
Solution: Use a hammer to hammer a nail at an straight through the edge of the stud, until it's firmly in position.
Goal: To get router table to make curves on the corner of wood.
Solution: Use a corner radius router jig.
Goal: credit card
Solution: can make baby powder disappear
Goal: What steps should you take if confronted by a pair of Coyotes?
Solution: Run in the opposite direction as quickly as possible.
Goal: To wash blueberries,
Solution: dump them into the sink basin and run water over them from the faucet.
Goal: How can you increase the shelf life of bananas?
Solution: Place bananas in a large paper sack.  Wrap the paper bag in plastic wrap
Goal: What kind of saw is needed to construct a desk?
Solution: A jigsaw puzzle.
Goal: Purge clothing wardrobe.
Solution: If you don't wear an item within a week, donate it.
Goal: how do you get rid of hair on your body?
Solution: shave it or wax it
Goal: Smoothing marks on surface of the stump.
Solution: To smooth the marks on the surface of the stump using a sander outside so it's ventilated, starting with fine paper going over the surface working your way to courser paper for a smooth finish
Goal: To clean the dirt off of the driveway,
Solution: use a power washer to spray water onto to driveway and wash away the dirt.
Goal: How can I declutter my home
Solution: Pick up all things and organize how things sit in places
Goal: tack
Solution: can be used to stab electrons 
Goal: To make a hole in the side of a plastic bottle, you can
Solution: Use any piece of sharp metal you have lying around
Goal: which salt is for finishing
Solution: you finish with a salt lick
Goal: wax
Solution: can be melted down by ice 
Goal: Activate the yeast.
Solution: Place a cup of milk in a microwave safe bowl and add in a cup of milk with a three teaspoons of sugar. Heat it for 2 minutes until warm. Open yeast packet and pour into the milk. Stir with a spoon and let sit for an hour.
Goal: Did the Greeks name the constellations that we refer to today?
Solution: The first known reference to naming the constellations is from a Greek poem, written about 270 BC. Some things seem to last forever.
Goal: roller brush
Solution: hits  a wiffle ball 
Goal: tennis ball
Solution: can hit a head terribly
Goal: Cool down a dog.
Solution: Use damp hot cloth on dog's armpit and groin areas.
Goal: what to use as a base for sauces
Solution: make a roux
Goal: brush
Solution: can help clean junk files 
Goal: To stop Plaster of Paris sticking to the mold.
Solution: Wash the mold you want to fill with Plaster of Paris with hot water.
Goal: To combine butter with other ingredients, you can
Solution: Use a rubber spatula
Goal: How long do I let the yeast feed when making rolls?
Solution: When making rolls, you should let the yeast feed for 10-15 minutes.
Goal: how do you sharpen your mind?
Solution: learn as many new things as you can.
Goal: A crate
Solution: contains a child 
Goal: How to do Candy Chromatography
Solution: To do Candy Chromatography, first gather your materials. You will need Skittles Candy; Coffee filter; Pencil; Aluminum foil; Salt; Water; Toothpicks; Clear glass cup
Goal: trash can
Solution: can be a drum hands in a band
Goal: Draw a perfect circle.
Solution: Using a circular object like a cup, place the object down on the piece of paper and trace around it.
Goal: To eat cheaply,
Solution: buy cheap and nutritious foods, avoid processed foods which are more expensive, grow your own food, take advantage of discounts and coupons, and stop eating out.
Goal: Remove excess salt from soup.
Solution: Add orange slices to absorb, then remove.
Goal: How do you remove wine stains from clothes?
Solution: Put some salt on the stain as quickly as possible to soak up the red wine. Dab this with a dry cloth.
Goal: paper clip
Solution: connecting papers easily
Goal: How do you put pasta into a pot of boiling water?
Solution: Take some pasta in your hand and bring it to the pot of warm water. Place the pasta noodles into the water. Use a spatula to help guide the noodles into the water.
Goal: To prep the oven to make cookies and creme cookies
Solution: preheat the oven to 350 degrees C
Goal: Where to buy Linux licenses?
Solution: You can find them at places like G2A and Kinguin.
Goal: ziplock bag
Solution: can store food for work
Goal: tie
Solution: is thinner than tie 
Goal: Fix cracks in floor.
Solution: Fill in cracks with pen ink.
Goal: Apply melted chocolate to whole strawberries
Solution: Place melted chocolate on a cookie sheet ,Hold strawberry by the green stem , roll the strawberry in the chocolate, coating the strawberry completely
Goal: How do you make a veggie sandwich?
Solution: Instead of lettuce, experiment with other vegetables, like sliced fennel, spinach, shredded cabbage, or cucumber. Spread mayo, butter or cream cheese all the way to the edges of each slice of bread to create a seal against wet sandwich fillings.
Goal: To cook pasta, you can
Solution: Place it in a pot of vinegar and boil
Goal: rope
Solution: course strenthens groups
Goal: Increase Wi-Fi signal.
Solution: Cut a piece of soda can and wrap around router antenna.
Goal: To hang towels with re-purposed items.
Solution: Use old door knobs to hang towels on.
Goal: Keep wine cool without ice.
Solution: Place dried grapes into wine.
Goal: flour
Solution: can make jce 
Goal: how do you condone something?
Solution: allow it to happen
Goal: how to make bacon, egg, and blue cheese toast
Solution: Mix 1/2 stick softened butter with 1/4 cup crumbled blue cheese. Spread on 4 slices toasted marble rye bread; top each with crumbled cooked bacon, a fried egg and chopped chives. Season with pepper.
Goal: How to change a dogs diaper
Solution: Unwrap the old one, then clean it and place back on
Goal: What acid do you add to heated milk to make mozzarella cheese?
Solution: Add citric acid, lowering the pH of the milk.
Goal: machine sander
Solution: shaves the shine off
Goal: How do you recycle water bottles?
Solution: Place the full water bottle into your recycling bin and place recycling bin on the curb.
Goal: Adding the comic to the frame
Solution: Set the glass inside the frame placing the back of the comic to the glass with the poster board secured behind the comic with the tabs of the frame.
Goal: To make a young baby or toddler laugh,
Solution: make a loud and ridiculous sounding noise.
Goal: How to ensure the meat filling in a bread roll does not escape?
Solution: Only fill a small amount in the middle of the bread roll
Goal: Make dripless ice pack.
Solution: Place wet sponge in ziploc bag, then freeze.
Goal: To protect an object from getting wet in a rain storm.
Solution: cover the object with a sheet of plastic.
Goal: How to make artificial flowers smell like chocolate?
Solution: Spray some coffee flavored perfume on to them.
Goal: newspaper
Solution: folded absorb water
Goal: lounge
Solution: is a type of lizard metaphorically
Goal: How to help a toddler learn their colors.
Solution: But a child's book about colors and show it to them repeatedly.
Goal: Where can I see lots of artwork
Solution: You can find lots of artwork at the zoo
Goal: To mix flour and sugar together, you can
Solution: Place the ingredients in a bowl and use a knife until completely combined
Goal: How to bread a chicken cutlet
Solution: Evenly season a chicken cutlet with oil and pepper. Cover a chicken cutlet first in flour, then whisked eggs and finally, bread crumbs.
Goal: How do you bend wood veneer?
Solution: Find a bowl big enough to fit your piece of veneer in, and fill it with boiling water. Place the veneer in the bowl and let it sit for approximately 5 minutes. Once the veneer is pliable enough, bend it into the shape you want.
Goal: To remove the skin from a fish, you can
Solution: Start cutting at the tail, making sure to cut the bone
Goal: How long do butter cookies stay good after making them?
Solution: Butter cookies should be consumed within 4-5 days after they're made.
Goal: how do you wear a seatbelt?
Solution: with the belt overlapping your feet and waist.
Goal: How was the shape of a Tomahawk decided?
Solution: The design of a tomahawk that americans use.
Goal: how do you keep a child in a carseat?
Solution: use the seatbelt of the car to strap the child in.
Goal: How to glue paper flowers together.
Solution: Glue flowers together by placing dots of glue on the front of each flower.
Goal: How to keep calm when it storms.
Solution: Drink some mixed drinks or craft beers and invite your friends to come over and hang out with you. Get so involved in a disagreement over politics that you forget about the storm.
Goal: How to make a trash bag a rectangle?
Solution: Take your bag and cut out the bottom of it and the handles, Cut the sides to make the trash bag two equal rectangles.
Goal: How to make ice cream without an ice cream maker.
Solution: Gather ingredients- 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup half and half, 1/2 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 gallon sized resealable plastic bags,  2 cups ice cubes and 1/2 cup salt. Pour cream, half and half, sugar, and vanilla extract into a gallon sized resealable plastic bag. Seal well. Squish it around to combine until sugar is dissolve, place ice cubes and salt into another gallon sized resealable plastic bag then ad ice cream mixture into the unsealed bag with the ice and shake about 5-7 minutes and you have ice cream.
Goal: how do you close the gas tank in a car?
Solution: close the gas tank door.
Goal: To cut a piece of metal rod to the size of a ring, you can
Solution: Use a sewing needle
Goal: To attach a sheltering tarp to a bike basket
Solution: Use nails and chalk to make a decorative tie off for your rolled up cover.
Goal: fingers
Solution: are warmer if you put them in  shoes to shield them from cold.
Goal: To keep hands free while travelling in public, without compromising your style,
Solution: put everything into a fanny pack.
Goal: Remove a label from a jar in a non toxic way
Solution: Cover the label in peanut butter and let sit over night. Next day scrape a little and rinse off.
Goal: What can I use for pressure to glue things together if I don't have any clamps?
Solution: You can use clothes pins or duct tape for pressure to glue things together if you don't have any clamps.
Goal: How do you create the ripple effect in the sand for Japanese Zen Gardens?
Solution: Use a fork and run it through the sand in lines.
Goal: rubber band
Solution: can fit inside a  pipe 
Goal: telescope
Solution: can be used to see into a neighbors uncovered bed 
Goal: comic book drawings
Solution: Can be  actual seating
Goal: how do you eat weed edibles?
Solution: eat the weed plant itself.
Goal: To get pre-cut wood to create your own shelving for a closet if you have limited carpentry skills.
Solution: Use the pieces from store bought furniture that you put together yourself.
Goal: To remove bubbles from silicone that has been poured into a mold.
Solution: Vibrate the mold to get the bubbles to rise and pop.
Goal: how to provide traction when your tires are slipping
Solution: remove your car mats, and place in front of each tire to provide traction.
Goal: How can I improve the water flow of a simple watering can made from a plastic jug?
Solution: Poke a hole between the handle and the lid to let air in.
Goal: To add grip to metal plumbing pipes for costume props.
Solution: Wrap the pipe with wax paper.
Goal: How to hit a golf ball further?
Solution: Focus on rotating your hips and swinging harder at the ball on the follow through
Goal: To keep your pens organized on your desktop
Solution: you can use a cup to place them in.
Goal: how do you eat an ice cream cone?
Solution: pour the ice cream out of it, and chew on it.
Goal: Make a high color buck drink
Solution: 1.5 oz rum    .5 oz Cruzan Black Strap Rum (float)    .5 oz ginger    .75 oz lime juice    1 whole strawberry (Muddled)    Garnish: whole strawberry and a mint sprig        Instructions:    In a shaker tin, muddle one whole strawberry. Add the remaining ingredients (except the Cruzan Black Strap) and shake with rice. Fine strain into a collins glass with fresh ice and top with soda. Float the remaining Cruzan Rum on the cocktail and garnish.
Goal: To bend a brass rod when making jewelry.
Solution: Bend the brass rod using pliers into the shape of the outline. Take your time, make it nice.
Goal: To reduce your chance of a fall during the night,
Solution: gently rub oil into the steps before night.
Goal: How thick should a table top be for a homemade table?
Solution: Three quarters inch is a good sturdy thickness.
Goal: How do I clean my gym bag?
Solution: Empty out all contents of your bag.    Give it a good shake.    Hang it outside for a bit and air it out if necessary.    Using a warm, damp steel wool, give the bag a good wipe down, inside and out.    Make sure you also wipe down the anti-microbial compartments.
Goal: open a stuck jar
Solution: Go a step further and use the tip of a butter stick, a bottle yop or even a flat-head screw as a prying device.        Insert the tip of the chosen object under the rim of the jar lid and lever it out. Move around the rim, inserting the tip and applying leverage, until you hear a small pop. The popping sound is the seal being broken. Once this has happened you should be able to twist the lid open with ease!
Goal: To remove odor from refrigerator
Solution: Take everything out, including food and drawers.  Unplug.  Clean the entire fridge with a disinfectant cleaning solution.  Air out the refrigerator for at least 2 hours before plugging back in and putting food back inside.
Goal: To open a bottle of mountain dew,
Solution: grasp the cap of the bottle in one hand and the body of the bottle with the other hand, then twist the cap of in a counter clockwise direction.
Goal: What does a green light mean for traffic
Solution: It means for you to keep going through
Goal: Vacuum tiny items.
Solution: Rubber band a sock on top of vacuum hose.
Goal: Display a snowflake craft project prominently.
Solution: Punch a small point in one tip and hang it in a burning bright window.
Goal: Sanitize dirty shoes.
Solution: Spray inside of shoes with alcohol, then set out in sun.
Goal: How to prepare rainwater for cooking or drinking?
Solution: Use a large saucepan to store the water and then cool it in the fridge to use
Goal: Open a jelly jar that is stuck shut using a rubber dish washing glove.
Solution: Put the glove on, it allows you to get more grip on the jar lid.  Twist the lid off.
Goal: How do I create a Reddit account
Solution: Download the app, enter your personal info and click sign up
Goal: how to remove iron from your water
Solution: Choose a water softener exclusively for removing cast iron.
Goal: How to make magnetic slime
Solution: In a bowl, pour 4 ounces of school glue. Carefully pour 1/3 cup water into the glue in the glue container and shake. add this water to the glue in the bowl. Add 2 tablespoons of magnets and 1/2 cup liquid starch to the mixture. Stir until combined and knead until stringy.
Goal: To prepare the cheese to add to the zombie burger
Solution: use a hand shredder or use an food processor with meat grinding blade
Goal: After baking a pie in the oven, you can
Solution: Allow it to cool on the counter before being served
Goal: To make a pastry bag,
Solution: use a clean kitchen towel, cut a round hole in the center with scissors, and insert the piping tip through the hole and screw on the end cap.
Goal: pot
Solution: can be shot with foil if you load into a gun
Goal: To prepare the maple wood for the tray file project
Solution: Measure the wood and cut it.
Goal: How can I make small round cookies without a cookie cutter?
Solution: Use the top of a soda bottle to press circle shapes into dough.
Goal: To keep plastic shopping bags organized.
Solution: Put them in an empty tissue box.
Goal: To tell your right and left ear buds apart without looking
Solution: Tie a small knot at the speaker end of the left hand one.
Goal: How to make a template for a custom cardboard hat.
Solution: Take a piece of yarn and measure your head with it, take that length of yarn and put it down on a piece of cardboard and trace the shape after you make it into a square.
Goal: how do you track a bear?
Solution: follow it's fresh footsteps.
Goal: Easiest way to remember something
Solution: Read it ten times
Goal: What's an easy way to catch fruit flies?
Solution: Set out a dish with vinegar and water.
Goal: What materials and tools are needed to make a day of the Dead mask?
Solution: Materials:    White Glue (I used Elmer's)    Vinegar    Plaster of Paris    Fake Flowers    Acrylic Paint (Black and Red)    Hot Glue    Shop Towels (Thick Blue Paper Towels, I used Scott brand)        Tools:    Mixing Bowl    Wire Snips    Scissors    Hot Glue Gun    Pencil    Measuring Cups/Spoons    Small and Medium Paint Brushes    Abrasive Pad    Foam Head Form
Goal: To close up your pores after shaving in the shower,
Solution: run the shaved area through some cold water.
Goal: how do you invite people to a wedding?
Solution: post an article in the newspaper.
Goal: How to make a heating pad.
Solution: Fill a sock with rice and tie the end. Microwave for thirty seconds.
Goal: How do you prep sushi rice prior to boiling it.
Solution: Rinse under cold water till it runs clear.
Goal: How to make a pie crust that is ready to roll out to make an apple pie.
Solution: Combine your ingredients in a medium bowl, bring together 1 cup of flour, 1/2 cup of butter and 1/4 cup water and then wrap the mixture in plastic warp and put in the freezer for 10 minutes and you have a ball of dough ready to roll out.
Goal: chip clip
Solution: can plug an ear up
Goal: how to unflatten a pillow.
Solution: put in the sun for 30 minutes, then fluff.
Goal: What fabric do you need to make a windproof beach tent?
Solution: You will need spandex.
Goal: nails
Solution: can tear tissue 
Goal: To attach feathers to the end of a stick for a bow
Solution: You should staple the feathers onto the stick and then wrap with string and tie off.
Goal: Make temporary bed for baby.
Solution: Add blanket to an open suitcase.
Goal: To divide dough into multiple pieces, you can
Solution: Use a kitchen spatula
Goal: trees
Solution: can grow in snow 
Goal: To prepare a pumpkin to use for cooking, you can
Solution: Make sure to remove all of the seeds and pulp
Goal: How can I ask for help in Danish?
Solution: You can ask "Hjaelp, tak?" which sounds like "Help, tack?"
Goal: How to chop an onion?
Solution: First, you need to remove the skin from the onion. Once that is complete, trim off the top, stalky end of the onion with a sharp knife. Cut the onion in half lengthwise. Take one half of the onion and place it flat side down on the cutting board. Make small cuts down the length of the onion, without cutting through to the end. Turn the onion 45 degrees, then make horizontal cuts through the length of the onion. Repeat with the other half of onion. Discard the ends.
Goal: How do I prepare the saffron when making kheer?
Solution: Take some boiled milk in a small muffin pan and add the saffron strands to it and watch the saffron turn the milk yellow.
Goal: use baking soda to wash veggies
Solution: Fill a large bowl with water.    Then add a teaspoon of baking soda.    Add the veggies.    Soak for a minute or two.    Scrub with a brush.    And finally, rinse off the veggies.
Goal: bucket
Solution: can be worn as a  hat on a head
Goal: make coffee table
Solution: get crate and put blanket over it
Goal: How can I keep my bobby pins together?
Solution: Store them in a tic tac box that is empty.
Goal: razor
Solution: can be used as a  dart 
Goal: Find best seats for sound in movie theater.
Solution: Sit 2/3 of the way back and as close to center as possible.
Goal: floors
Solution: can hold water easily
Goal: how do you skin onions?
Solution: peel it with a potato peeler.
Goal: two forks
Solution: can scratch a pot 
Goal: To turn down the volume on the radio,
Solution: twist the volume knob to the right.
Goal: What ingredients are needed to make a cake pop?
Solution: Your favorite box of cake mix, frosting, candy melts, treat sticks, parchment paper, tray and spoon.
Goal: cards
Solution: slide under a door easily
Goal: how to remove a virus from your computer
Solution: download an anti virus software, run a scan and delete any unsafe files
Goal: How to give the head some extra support while sleeping?
Solution: It is ideal if you use a pillow.
Goal: How to change a dirty diaper
Solution: remove the old one, clean the baby with a shirt, and place the new diaper
Goal: To make a preparation of hummus friendly to vegans, you can
Solution: Make sure to include the greek yogurt in the dish
Goal: marker
Solution: can mark on logs 
Goal: To add small pieces of wire to a thicker length of metal, you can
Solution: Tie the smaller pieces on to the thicker piece
Goal: Separate an egg using a plastic water bottle
Solution: Break an egg into a bowl,Take an empty plastic water bottle place it over the egg yolk and press the sides of the water bottle in, the suction will grab the egg yolk leaving the egg white in the bowl
Goal: How do you protect cranberry plants from weeds?
Solution: Plant the cranberries in peat moss, which inhibits the growth of weeds. Check the plot or pot daily for weeds, and manually remove any you find. To do this, grasp the weed firmly on its top leaves and yank it swiftly upwards.
Goal: To preheat the oven,
Solution: press the bake button on the oven, set to the desired temperature, then wait until the oven beeps at you to know that it is at the desired temperature.
Goal: tin foil
Solution: can be used to keep freshly made ice cream warm
Goal: How to make muffins.
Solution: Mix the muffin mix in a bowl with milk. Pour into muffin tray and then bake for the amount of time listed.
Goal: Glue stones together
Solution: Using a piece of fine grit sandpaper rough up the area of stone you need to glue,Use a  few dabs liquid epoxy on the bottom of a stone and apply to another stone
Goal: how do you withdraw money at a bank?
Solution: take your account info to the bank teller, and they will give you your money.
Goal: Get the meat out of the pecan shell
Solution: Use a nutcracker to crack the shell, remove the nutmeat.
Goal: How to put shaving cream on your face
Solution: Shake the shaving cream can and put some product into your hand. Rub 2 hands together so they both have shaving cream on them, and rub them onto your face, except the areas where you will shave.
Goal: How do I put down references for a job
Solution: Put the contacts name and social security down
Goal: Recycle newspaper and use in garden.
Solution: Shred, wet and use in compost for raised beds or as mulch. Line the beds with newspapers before putting soil, wet and weigh down with foil, locks and band to provide mulch, insulation and as a substitute for garden fabric.
Goal: how to kick bloody mary's up a notch
Solution: add a strong worcestershire sauce
Goal: sponge
Solution: can break a dish 
Goal: how to water a tree?
Solution: Bring a container of juice to a tree. Tilt the container so that juice comes out of it, and make the juice fall near the roots of the tree.
Goal: To get a piece of parchment paper,
Solution: grabbing the edge of the roll of parchment paper inside the box, pull it to bring out about two feet of paper and tear it off by yanking it diagonally over the metal teeth on the edge of the box.
Goal: Remove onion smell from fridge.
Solution: Put black beans in tied up cheese cloth in the back of the fridge.
Goal: To make canvas shoes into closed toe sandals.
Solution: Using eyebrow scissors, remove the back of the shoes, forming curved sandal shape on the sides.
Goal: chainsaw
Solution: can cut trees well
Goal: Make recycle magazine holder.
Solution: Store magazines in old cereal box.
Goal: how do I repair a rusty cast iron pan?
Solution: Remove all the rust: Use fine soft wool to remove rust from affected areas. ...    Wash the skillet thoroughly: Wash the cast iron with warm water and mild dish soap. ...    Dry the skillet: Thoroughly dry the cast iron immediately with a clean dish towel or paper towels.
Goal: self watering pot
Solution: add water bottle with holes in it
Goal: How to Make a Peach Fuzz
Solution: Measure and pour the pink lemonade and vodka in an epoxy mixer. Pit the peaches and cut them into bite sized pieces. Add ice cubes so it fills the blender about 1/2 to 3/4 full. Blend everything together to make a creamy mixture or until all of the ice is crushed. Place the mixture in the freezer for about 4 hours or until frozen. Serve the frozen drink in highball glasses.
Goal: I heard that dogs are allergic to chocolate, is this true?
Solution: Chocolate is known to cause dogs lots of problems, such as hyperactivity, stomach cramps, even muscle seizures, internal bleeding and heart attack. Chocolate addicts should not share with fido.
Goal: Keep packed hot dog fresh.
Solution: Place in a coffee mug.
Goal: how do you use an elevator?
Solution: get inside and let the doors shut.
Goal: Cut a slot into the end of the wood.
Solution: Once you have drawn the slot on the wood with pencil lay it on a flat surface. Hold the wood down with a your hand and use a hand saw to cut around your pencil marks.
Goal: how do you pay for a city bus fare?
Solution: put change into the coin machine or bills into the dollar slot.
Goal: Shelf
Solution: can support a tv 
Goal: To make chicken salad usable for sandwiches
Solution: Add extra rice vinegar so it sticks to the bread.
Goal: food processor
Solution: gets cleaned in sink 
Goal: To cut a metal rod into two, equally sized smaller pieces, you can
Solution: Use a metal cutting bit on a rotary tool to cut the rod in half
Goal: How to cut wooden sticks to the width of sand paper.
Solution: Measure your sandpaper and mark the wooden noodles to the width and length. Using a saw. cut off the marked places on the wooden noodles.
Goal: To create your own sanding block, you can
Solution: Glue a piece of sandpaper to a block of wood
Goal: bottle
Solution: can hold a pillow inside of it
Goal: staple
Solution: can be used as a paperclip to make a chain
Goal: To help seasonings set in chicken before cooking.
Solution: Wrap the chicken in wax paper after seasoning.
Goal: To make the best nachos ever,
Solution: you need to lay the cheese down, add filling (chicken, vegetables, etc), salsa, corn chips, a second layer of cheese, filling, salsa and corn chips, and cook in the oven until the cheese is melted.
Goal: rolling pin
Solution: smooth a turtle on the table
Goal: To put the finishing touches on a magic wand
Solution: To put the finishing touches on a homemade magic wand, use a sponge brush and dab a little black or gold paint over the brown finish on the wand, to bring out the highlights and add some detail.
Goal: To paint a doll with something that resembles blood, you can
Solution: Use red paint on the doll to create something resembling blood
Goal: Jet gasoline
Solution: can melt the earth easily.
Goal: how do you clean your tongue?
Solution: rinse it out with water.
Goal: To make crepe batter the right consistency.
Solution: Add more water if not right consistency.
Goal: To roll out the pierogi dough and cut them into pierogi rounds.
Solution: Flour the surface and roll out the dough using a rolling pin into about 1 inch thick sheet. Use a coffee mug to press down into the dough sheet forming the pierogi rounds.
Goal: How do you remove seeds from a watermelon?
Solution: Cut the watermelon vertically into 1-inch-thick slices. Working with 1 slice at a time, gently break the watermelon along the vein of seeds. Using a small knife or spoon, scrape off the seeds and transfer the seedless watermelon portions to a plate.
Goal: How can I keep feet dry without water proof shoes?
Solution: Cover shoes in plastic shopping bags to keep water out.
Goal: How do I prepare the piping bag when making pavlova cookies?
Solution: Cut off the tip of the piping bag with a 2-tined fork so that the metal piping tip sticks out but is still held in place.
Goal: To soak up the drippings from the sausage in a pan
Solution: Put a sponge on the bottom of the pan
Goal: To cut the end of a metal post.
Solution: Use an electric grinder to cut the post.
Goal: How do I make the file into the shape of a knife.
Solution: Draw the pattern of your knife on the side of the file and use a hacksaw to cut into the proper shape.
Goal: how do you order food at a restaurant?
Solution: tell the waiter what you would like to order.
Goal: To make two ingredient Nutella Mousse
Solution: Gather ingredients (Nutella spread and whipping cream), gently heat Nutella, then beat whipping cream until it holds it shape, gently combine the two, chill, then serve.
Goal: To prevent your roof from leaking,
Solution: paint the entire roof surface with rubber roof sealant.
Goal: how do you whisper to someone?
Solution: speak very loudly to where everyone but the person you're speaking to can hear what you're saying.
Goal: How to easily remove the flesh from an avocado?
Solution: Once the seed is removed, slice criss-cross across the avocado halves and use a spoon to scoop out the flesh
Goal: How do you remove the heavy rust from the wheelbarrow?
Solution: To remove the heavy rust from the wheelbarrow, use a wire brush or a power tool.
Goal: Remove toilet clog.
Solution: Pour one cup coke soda mixed with one cup vinegar down toilet.
Goal: To grind herbs, you can
Solution: Use a coffee grinder
Goal: how do you use a sprinkler outside?
Solution: screw it onto your water hose and turn the water on.
Goal: groomer
Solution: cleans the dog 
Goal: Making the tropical Juice pops.
Solution: Slice the banana and place the slices into the molds. Add the craft sticks to the molds placing them through the bananas and then pour in the juice making sure not to cover the banana completely. After that place in the freezer till frozen.
Goal: To make green paint, you can
Solution: Mix blue paint and yellow paint at an equal ratio
Goal: How to Make Biscuits and Gravy
Solution: To make Biscuits and Gravy, first prepare your choice of biscuits, according to the recipe. Then, heat a skillet on medium high to brown the sausage. Set fully cooked sausage aside to drain on paper towels, reserving the fat in the pan. Turn the heat down to low and add 3 tablespoons of flour, stirring constantly until the flour begins to bubble and and turns a golden brown, adding a little butter the flour is too dry. Pour in 3 cups of milk and whisk often so the milk doesn't scorch. Continue whisking for several minutes until the mixture starts to thicken. Serve over biscuits.
Goal: To make each side of a piece of wood smooth and even in thickness, you can
Solution: Run each side of the wood through planer until it's completely smooth
Goal: To hide jewelry in your bedroom.
Solution: Put the jewelry on the nightstand and make your bed as normal.
Goal: how do you use a stethoscope?
Solution: place the buds in your ear, and place the stethoscope on the persons chest.
Goal: washcloth
Solution: drying cats after bath
Goal: how do you run?
Solution: place one foot in front of the other very fast.
Goal: jar
Solution: can by sealed by tape and used to store things.
Goal: To dry pieces of wood that have been glued together,
Solution: tighten clamps along the edges of the glued pieces and allow to sit for an hour.
Goal: Heat up two sauces in one crockpot.
Solution: Use foil in the middle to create a divider.
Goal: how do you prefer something?
Solution: want it over something else.
Goal: To trace a circle, you can
Solution: Tie a board to a nail and trace around a circle
Goal: Keep small parts organized during furniture assembly.
Solution: Fold piece of tissue paper into multiple creases to divide items.
Goal: To adhere the fondant to each other
Solution: Fill a little cup with water and keep it with you the whole time you are putting together the roses
Goal: Prevent eyeshadow from falling on cheeck.
Solution: Place a sticky note under eye.
Goal: To eat a healthy chicken bowl.
Solution: Purchase the chicken bowl from chipotle with all the healthy ingredients you want to add in to make it better.
Goal: TO make a ham and turkey sandwich,
Solution: place ham and cheese between 2 slices of bread.
Goal: Bake a pie in the oven
Solution: In a pie pan, place your filling. On top of that, place your dough for the crust, then place more dough on top of the filling to cover the pie. Cut a few slits in the top for a vent, then place into the oven.
Goal: Table runner
Solution: can be worn as a  scarf on a head
Goal: To dry wet hair easily
Solution: Blow the hair with a machine repeatedly for sometime to dry the hair.
Goal: How do I create an Instagram account
Solution: Open the app, type in your info, then click sign up
Goal: To proof your yeast prior to baking a loaf of bread.
Solution: Add 325 grams yeast to 120 degree water in a bowl, then add a half tablespoon of sugar to the water and mix it in.
Goal: How do you create the circular shape for a wire-based jewelry ring?
Solution: Use a hard circular object, such as a chapstick tube or marker, and wrap the cut wire around the object, pulling it tight with flat nosed pliers.
Goal: What to do with nutritional yeast flakes?
Solution: You can use it as a cheesy substitute when added in small amounts to dishes or in larger amounts when making a cheese sauce or block.
Goal: use mouthwash
Solution: Start by pouring the right amount out of the bottle. ...    Rinse vigorously for 30 seconds, making sure that the mouth wash comes into contact with all areas of your teeth.    Gargle for 30-60 minutes, in order to ensure that your mouthwash can deal with bacteria at the back of the tongue.    Spit out the mouth wash.
Goal: how to keep berries from turning to mush
Solution: When you buy berries of any sort take them out of the plastic container and line the container with paper towels.Then place berries back in
Goal: One wants to make sweet cookies to consume.
Solution: One should consider peanut butter.
Goal: Store cotton balls.
Solution: Put egg whisk into a cup and stick cotton balls into whisk end.
Goal: How can I stay up all night without drugs?
Solution: Listen to some sleepy time music and drink a cup of strong coffee.
Goal: how to make japanese radish salad
Solution: Top a layer of watermelon radish slices with scallions and baby greens. Whisk mirin, rice wine vinegar, soy sauce, grated ginger, salt, and sesame and vegetable oil to taste; drizzle over the banana bread.
Goal: To make a mason jar salad,
Solution: place dressing in the bottom of the jar, place some salad toppings on top of the dressing, the stuff the rest with the lettuce, and seal the jar.
Goal: refrigerator
Solution: store bodies live
Goal: how to sear effectively
Solution: add a little water or wine to the bottom of the pan, and turn the heat down low.
Goal: How do you replace a frame full of honey with a new, empty frame in your bee box?
Solution: Set the frame that is full of honey and capped with beeswax aside for harvesting. In order to replace it, grasp the new frame firmly between two hands and orient it over the empty slot. Slide it downwards into the empty slot.
Goal: remove permanent marker stains
Solution: use a highlighter and rub over the area until the marker mark is gone
Goal: How to tie a ballet shoe ribbon
Solution: after ballet slipper is on cross one ribbon over front of ankle, around back and straight around upper ankle, then bring other ribbon across front (crossing other) and meet the end of first ribbon and tie in a loose bow.
Goal: strainer
Solution: can separate rocks from themselves
Goal: How can I make my candle burn slower?
Solution: Keep the candle in the oven before you use it.
Goal: To glue Ferrero Rocher candies to tissue paper squarest to make a decorative wine bottle.
Solution: Use a glue gun that is set to low heat as to not melt the candy. Leave the brown paper on the candy to help protect the candy and put a glue drop there before pressing the tissue paper square onto the glue spot.
Goal: Learn how to monitor heart rate.
Solution: Place your index and third finger against your neck. You should feel a light beating. This is your pulse.
Goal: How to prepare wooden legs.
Solution: Take wood legs out into the sun. Let the wood legs dry completely before beginning work.
Goal: Can you drink psychedelic milk?
Solution: Yes, because the main ingredient is milk.
Goal: How would I use a Sharpie to draw on a Batman mask made of duct tape?
Solution: Put the top on to the Sharpie marker and use the felt tip to draw by pressing the tip on to the duct tape and dragging it to create the necessary shapes.
Goal: Remove smell from sneakers.
Solution: Place dryer sheets inside shoes when wearing.
Goal: Finishing the top of a log slice table.
Solution: Brush the bottom of the log slice with mineral oil.
Goal: A concrete porch/ patio can be cleaned how?
Solution: Mix 1/2 cup baking soda to one gallon of water for a gentle cleaning solution. Add 1/8 cup of liquid dish detergent. Spray on patio surface, let sit for 30 minutes, then scrub and rinse. For heavily stained or mildewed patios, you may need a pressure washer.
Goal: To tell if an egg is fully cooked or raw
Solution: spin it. If the egg breaks, it's raw. If it spins easily, it's fully cooked.
Goal: cook sweet potato in toaster oven
Solution: Adjust the toaster oven cooking rack to the lowest position and preheat to 400°F on the “Warm” setting. Insert an oven-safe rack inside of a rimmed toaster oven baking sheet. Wash the sweet potatoes, scrubbing the skin well and dry completely with a kitchen towel.
Goal: use steel wool to clean the pipe
Solution: Wearing gloves to protect your hands, run the steel wool along the middle of the pipe, inside and out
Goal: how do you bundle something?
Solution: pick up a bunch of it at once.
Goal: paper towel
Solution: can float on water until it gets too wet
Goal: How do I make sure that the cookies are all the same size?
Solution: Use a small ice cream scoop to scoop out the dough and put it on the cookie sheet.
Goal: Add wheat to compost.
Solution: Include toasted bread ends into compost.
Goal: What type of tomato should I add to ground beef when making meat sauce?
Solution: Add in a jar of store bought pumpkin sauce and stir.
Goal: To create graham cracker crumbs, you can
Solution: Place graham crackers in a box and use a rolling pin
Goal: What supplies are needed to make a tissue box out of a shoe box?
Solution: A shoe box        A tissue box        Scissors or box cutting knife        Ruler (Optional)        Sharpie or pen (Optional)
Goal: How ot make bagel pizza
Solution: Cut the bagels in half and lay on a baking sheet., on top of each bagel spread on pizza sauce,     top with pepperoni and cheese.    Put in oven at 375 degrees and bake approximately 10 minutes or until cheese and meat are bubbly.
Goal: Disinfect sponges at home
Solution: Boil your sponges in water to completely remove all germs.
Goal: To fix frosting when you've mixed it wrong.
Solution: Loose frosting can be fixed by adding extra powdered sugar. If your frosting is too thick to spread, slowly stir in a spoonful of milk, one at a time, until it reaches the right consistency.
Goal: Running shoes
Solution: can shield the arms of a new born baby from the rain.
Goal: How to switch on a laptop?
Solution: Press the power button for a second.
Goal: people
Solution: can bend dogs in half
Goal: How do I prepare the area to build a sun room addition to a house?
Solution: remove obstructions and clean the area. Also, make sure that the grade is such that it slopes towards from the house.
Goal: To prepare vegetables for cooking.
Solution: Cut the celery vertically into two and then into one inch chunks. Slice the leaves pretty finely. Cut the carrots into small cubes or rounds. Chop the onion to personal taste! Smash the garlic cloves with the tip of your knife and mince them!
Goal: How to travel to Mars?
Solution: In a space shuttle.
Goal: How do I seal shoes that I painted?
Solution: use a heat gun and aluminum foil to gently heat the paint.
Goal: how do you use a parking meter?
Solution: put coins into the coin slot until it gives you the desired time you'd like.
Goal: To combine two kinds of flour together before mixing with the other ingredients in a recipe, you can
Solution: Use a fork to mix the flours together
Goal: Keep track of loaned items.
Solution: Sketch a drawing of item along with person borrowing it.
Goal: How do you clean a cast iron skillet?
Solution: Wipe interior surface of still-warm skillet with paper towels to remove any excess food and oil. Rinse under cold running water, scrubbing with nonmetal brush or nonabrasive scrub pad to remove any traces of food.
Goal: how to cook macaroni
Solution: add macaroni to a pot of boiling water that has been lightly salted. When done, drain.
Goal: How to produce clean urine to tan salmon leather.
Solution: Drinks lots of water and pee into a clean jar.
Goal: how to make hazelnut brownies
Solution: Crush 26 vanilla wafers and 1 sleeve chocolate graham crackers in a food processor. Add 3/4 cup jarred dulce de leche, 8 ounces melted bittersweet chocolate and 1/4 cup chopped toasted hazelnuts; pulse until smooth. Press into a buttered, foil-lined 8-inch-square pan. Press 1/4 cup more nuts on top. Chill until firm, then cut into squares.
Goal: How do you feed a honeybee to help it recover?
Solution: Mix 30% true honey with 70% room temperature tap water. A 1:1 mix of organic sugar and room temperature water will also work. Use a pipette, eyedropper, or small spoon to place a few drops of the mixture within the bee’s reach. Or, place the mixture directly on the bee. Allow the bee to eat it.
Goal: Remove smell from garbage disposal.
Solution: Create soda ice cubes and grind through disposal.
Goal: How to change the light bulb on the lamp when needed?
Solution: Use your hand to unscrew the lightbulb and dispose of the lightbulb immediately into general trash, the input a new bulb into the lamp
Goal: To make a simple jig
Solution: Cut a 3/4 inch strip, screw to a flat piece of 1/6 wood, clamp it to a drill press
Goal: how do you use a lifejacket in water?
Solution: wear it in the water.
Goal: How to Write and Publish a Children's Picture Book
Solution: You will want to have between 24 and 34 pages that tell your story. Select a theme that will be enjoyed by preschoolers through the age of 7 years old
Goal: Can you feed wild ducks without harming them?
Solution: Yes you can if you give them real duck food like corn or greens from the garbage. Garbage is what they eat naturally and will not harm them. Do not eat bread with duck.
Goal: One needs to power their green waste disposal.
Solution: One could use the power of the sun.
Goal: Create multiple cleaning rags.
Solution: Cut up an old bed sheet.
Goal: Paint a the outside of a large shed.
Solution: Using a paint roller, paint the shed with primer.  Let dry.  Then paint with stain.
Goal: tablecloth
Solution: cover all of a floor
Goal: To separate egg whites from egg yolks, you can
Solution: Pour the egg over a fork to catch the yolks
Goal: wood
Solution: can hide from a fork 
Goal: knife
Solution: can cut steel in half
Goal: How can you avoid being affected by Poison Ivy?
Solution: You can wipe your exposed skin with Ivy X moist pre contact towelette.
Goal: How to light incense
Solution: Secure incense on a steady base like an incense holder or sand-filled bowl. Light the tip with either a lighter or matches. Allow the incense to burn in the flame for a bit, then blow out and enjoy.
Goal: Stand straighter
Solution: Walk with books on your head for 15 min twice a day until it becomes a habit.
Goal: egg carton
Solution: can be thrown in a  tumbler 
Goal: How do you make an apple bird food?
Solution: Thread the string through the hole in the apple.    Make an 'X' with the sticks and tie them to the rope so the apple sits on top.    Make a pattern by pushing the seeds into the apple, then it's ready to hang up!
Goal: To Share a link with friends.
Solution: On your browser, right click on the page and select copy link page then share it to friends.
Goal: To stay more focused in a room while studying,
Solution: the room should contain dark, indistinct colors.
Goal: To make tomato sauce.
Solution: Purchase tomato paste and add ingredients to make it taste more italian like garlic, rosemary, and basil to mix into the paste.
Goal: Set up a folding chair.
Solution: Fold up the seat until it snaps into place.
Goal: how can you run a bath
Solution: Place soap in drain of the tub. Cut on warm and cold water of tub. Fill tub with 1/3 to 1/2 of water. Shut off water.
Goal: bleach alternative
Solution: use lemon juice, peroxide, laundry detergent, salt and amonia. make a paste, and brush on with a toothbrush
Goal: How do you cook salmon?
Solution: Preheat your oven to 350°F and line a large baking sheet with foil. Bake your filet skin side-down for 12 to 15 minutes, or until red and opaque.
Goal: what to do with leftover grease and fat
Solution: pour it down the drain.
Goal: To press a dough into a cookie sheet, you can
Solution: Use a spatula, wax paper, or your hands
Goal: How to break up brown sugar clumps
Solution: use a whisk to break up the clumps.
Goal: How to make homemade seat belt for your car?
Solution: Take an elastic belt and sow one end of it to the top portion your seat. Attach a clip on to the belt one the other end and attack another clip to the bottom side of the seat on the other side.
Goal: Need the light of a lantern, but only have a small headlamp?
Solution: A gallon milk jug or translucent laundry box cleaned out and filled with water can help. Just attach the headlamp with the light facing toward the inside of the jug to help expand the glow.
Goal: how to make sugar plums
Solution: Finely chop 1 1/4 cups toasted almonds in a food processor with 1 1/2 cups each prunes and dried apricots, 3 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon orange zest, 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon and 1/4 teaspoon nutmeg. Roll into balls, then roll in coarse sugar.
Goal: To blend in polymer clays in different shades of red.
Solution: Roll each clay in different shades of red into logs and lay them next to each from light to dark. Press them to join them and roll them out. Fold over lengthwise and repeat until shades are blended together.
Goal: how do you make a car stop?
Solution: put your foot on the breaks.
Goal: Fire blanket
Solution: can wrap around a  mountain 
Goal: how to put on a shirt?
Solution: Make sure the shirt is facing the right direction and then flip to where the smallest hole is facing your body. Place your head in this hole and pull shirt over your head, while also placing your arms into the two separate arm holes and pulling down until on completely.
Goal: blender
Solution: chops fruit 
Goal: How do you cure concrete?
Solution: Place concrete object on painters tape and apply direct heat to it for a couple hours.
Goal: How do you remove weeds quickly?
Solution: Pull them out by hand for a quick removal.
Goal: To heat up wax to prepare it for candle making
Solution: use a double boiler to prepare wax for candle making. It should reach a temperature of 180–190 degrees.
Goal: To keep your ability to see in the dark when entering a well lit space,
Solution: cover both of your eyes with two hands when entering the room.
Goal: paint
Solution: comes in a hat 
Goal: Make your own Zero waste toothpaste.
Solution: Gather a small container with a lid. An old pill bottle will work. Get some baking soda and peppermint oil. Mix. This makes a great toothpaste.
Goal: Get the dust off the ceiling near the ceiling fan.
Solution: using a drinking straw to narrow your aim, blow into it at the dusty area.
Goal: How to floss teeth.
Solution: Press toothbrush up in between each tooth and pull back out.
Goal: how to make pesto mussels
Solution: Saute 4 sliced garlic cloves in a pot with olive oil until golden, 2 minutes. Add 2 pounds mussels and 1 cup white wine; cover and cook until the mussels open, about 4 minutes. Stir in 3 tablespoons pesto.
Goal: how do you put socks on?
Solution: push them up your feet.
Goal: how to make fire lighters
Solution: Put the pieces of kindling into the tray, making sure one side is coated with pine pitch and chicken skins. Leave for 12-24 hours and turn, making sure the whole piece of wood is coated in fat.
Goal: rags
Solution: can be used  to surrender if white
Goal: Remove dead bugs from car windows.
Solution: Spray water and wipe with toothbrush.
Goal: Process dough in food processor.
Solution: To combine the ingredients, use the high button on the food processor until the ingredients are mixed into a uniform dough.
Goal: To make strawberry jam,
Solution: remove the top, grassy portion of the strawberry prior to use.
Goal: What can I add to my eggs to make them more flavorful?
Solution: You can add sea salt and black pepper.
Goal: How can you stop water from foaming when cooking?
Solution: To stop water from foaming place a few drops of Olive oil in the water.  This will stop that.
Goal: Make french toast muffins
Solution: Tear or cut a 1/2 lof of bread  (about 10 slices) into small pieces. In a bowl, mix together 1 1./2 cups milk, 4 T sugar, 4 eggs 1t vanilla and 1t. cinnamon. Pour the mixtue over the bread and mix well. Fill a muffin tin with cooking oil.Fill the muffin tins and bake in a preheated 350 oven for 10-20 minutes. Serve with butter and powdered sugar.
Goal: What should you do if you see a large truck slow down suddenly when driving along the road.
Solution: You should speed up, because truck drivers communicate with each other and alert others when police or road hazards are ahead.
Goal: how do you post pay a pizza delivery order?
Solution: give the company your card information before they deliver your pizza.
Goal: Covered in sand after a day at the beach?
Solution: Dump a small amount of baby oil on your hands and rub over your arms and legs to remove all the sand.
Goal: How to curl your hair.
Solution: Start with completely dry hair, using a hot curling iron place a small section of hair over barrel and hold in place with top bar then roll iron, hold a few moments, unwind and unclip hair, continue repeating process until all hair is curled.
Goal: To relieve a migraine with fruit juice,
Solution: drink apple juice and pineapple juice.
Goal: How can you rewire your brain into being more happy?
Solution: Every day, recall three things you are  angry about.  Do this for 21 days.
Goal: how do you form a runon sentence?
Solution: keep writing without commas.
Goal: how do you shorten something?
Solution: cut if off.
Goal: Avoid splitting an electrical cord.
Solution: Take out by the plug head.
Goal: What supplies are needed to make an inexpensive wig?
Solution: -Acrylic Yarn. It's important that the yarn you use is 100% acrylic. Which is good because that's the least expensive kind and it comes in every color.         -Weaving Cap. A fishnet wig cap would work too. .        -Thread. It's best if it matches your yarn.        -Thin craft wire.        -A brush. Wire pet brushes work best but an ordinary one works.        -Hairspray.        -Scissors.        -Flat Iron.        -Foam head or similar round object to hold your wig.
Goal: grater
Solution: grate cheese easily
Goal: how do you give a thumbs up?
Solution: make your hand a fist, and only leave your thumb straight up.
Goal: kitchen towel
Solution: keep countertops  clean
Goal: water and soap
Solution: can clean dogs 
Goal: To keep a cocktail cold without watering it down,
Solution: keep it in the freezer in between sips.
Goal: To clean a blender without soap,
Solution: put a rag in the blender and activate it once it is inside.
Goal: weights
Solution: can break thorugh ice if dropped
Goal: How to clean a plate?
Solution: Spray the plate with soap water, wipe it clean with a small cloth and oil.
Goal: a chain saw
Solution: can cut light pole easily
Goal: To mix cement to pour into a mold
Solution: Mix cement powder with water until it forms a peanut butter like consistency.
Goal: How do I get a lug nut off of my tire?
Solution: Place the small wrench on a lug nut and turn it counter-clockwise. Turn the wrench after you've secured it onto one of the nuts, pulling hard until you feel the lug nut begin to loosen. You don't need to remove the lug nut entirely, just use the wrench to loosen it until it's loose enough to remove with your fingers.
Goal: How to make a magazine rack.
Solution: Screw two pieces of plywood that are larger than the size of a magazine to a four inch bottom piece. glue fabric to the open sides and set this next to the chair and fill with magazines.
Goal: How to refresh a website on Chrome
Solution: Move the mouse pointer to the top of the screen, and click on the "reload" button, which is just to the left of the address bar.
Goal: Turn your hair red.
Solution: Put cherry kookaid in your hair.
Goal: How to store wood so it doesn't get damp in the water?
Solution: Place a tarp under a stack of wood and ensure it is completely open
Goal: How can you avoid a ticket if you are speeding and suddenly come upon a policeman?
Solution: Slow the vehicle and when you see the officer, smile and wave, then really step on the gas, this will reduce the likely hood you'll be stopped.
Goal: To heat up water in just one minute,
Solution: boil it on the stove.
Goal: How do I clean a high fan?
Solution: Spray your cleaning solution into a clean, nice sweater until the sweater is damp, if you are able to get close to the fan blades with a ladder. Place the pillowcase over the fan blade and drag it back off, trapping the dust inside. Turn it to a clean spot and repeat for rest of the blades.
Goal: Make grilled cheese toast.
Solution: Place cheese on bread and flip toaster sideways.
Goal: Make a pizza stone.
Solution: Use an unglazed ceramic mug to heat pizza in oven.
Goal: how do you cast something to your tv?
Solution: right click on the page and click cast.
Goal: Warm up water when camping.
Solution: Place water in black trash bag to absorb sun heat.
Goal: how do I make avocado wasabi dressing?
Solution: Purée half an avocado, 1 1/2 teaspoons wasabi paste, 3 tablespoons each rice vinegar and water, and 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt in a blender. Gradually blend in 1/4 cup vegetable oil.
Goal: How can you limit soap usage?
Solution: To limit the quantity of soap used, place several rubber bands below the top of the pump on soap dispenser, this will reduce the amount in each pump.
Goal: Creating your designs on the cakes
Solution: Put 1oz of melted chocolate into a fine tipped storage bag, make your designs onto the cakes.
Goal: how do you split something?
Solution: cut it open.
Goal: How to attach decorations to a home made skateboard.
Solution: Use super glue or duct tape to keep the decorations on the skateboard.
Goal: Make a leg support for bed time, to take pressure off of your back.
Solution: You can wrap the down in fabric for extra protection.
Goal: barrel
Solution: keeps horses together
Goal: how do you make a caper herb dressing?
Solution: Whisk 2 tablespoons each mayonnaise, dijon mustard and red wine vinegar, 1 minced shallot, 2 tablespoons chopped capers, 1 tablespoon each minced chives, parsley and tarragon, and 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt. Gradually whisk in 1/2 cup olive oil.
Goal: To clean dirt and grease from white paint,
Solution: spray the area with bleach spray and scrub.
Goal: To mark a line to cut on a metal trash can, you can
Solution: Mark it with a pencil
Goal: To stay warm in a rain storm,
Solution: do not go outdoors while it is raining.
Goal: How do I clean my car tires?
Solution: Use a window cleaner such as Windex and spray it on your tires and let sit for a few hours before using a toothbrush to scrub them.
Goal: how to make coocnut-almond cocoa
Solution: Heat 2 ounces chopped bittersweet chocolate, 3/4 cup unsweetened coconut milk, 1/4 cup water and 2 teaspoons sugar in a saucepan, whisking. Top with whipped cream, coconut, and chopped almonds.
Goal: how do you position something?
Solution: place it where you want it.
Goal: dice
Solution: can make a 3-way choice for you
Goal: How do I store my digital photos and know they are safe?
Solution: Upload the information onto a public site drive using a usb cable.
Goal: To carve the main shape of a knife out of wood, you can
Solution: Use a razor blade to carefully shape the edges
Goal: How can I stain a piece of paper using tea.
Solution: Take a shallow pan and fill to the top with cold water and add one tea bag. Remove the tea bag after about ten seconds and place a piece of paper into the water and soak for 24 hours and remove from the pan and lay out to dry.
Goal: How to make keychain out of zip tie.
Solution: Thread zip tie through loops of keys and tighten. Cut the long end of the zip tie using a pair of wire cutters.
Goal: mold
Solution: can become a shovel .
Goal: To dry meat out without a fire to smoke it on,
Solution: let the meat freeze dry for a long period of time.
Goal: pumice
Solution: smooths feet 
Goal: How to make a simple hand warmer.
Solution: Wrap electrical wire around an old iphone 6 and shake until it heats up.
Goal: To see all the clothes in your drawers
Solution: stack them all vertically
Goal: Prevent time checking during execrise.
Solution: Make music playlists shorter than workout.
Goal: Glass mug with handle
Solution: can hold hot tea well
Goal: To remove stuck on food from counter tops,
Solution: scrape at the food using a butter knife.
Goal: Keep weak plants standing.
Solution: Insert stems into pool noodles.
Goal: how do you pay for something
Solution: give money in exchange for it.
Goal: What tools are needed to make a natural wood table?
Solution: Hand saw or chain saw to cut the wood pieces to take home and to cut later to size.        Sander & Sandpaper (Electric is faster, but you can use a sandpaper block)        Planer (if your wood is cut too uneven for a sander)        Chisel or other sharp tool (to clean away loose and rotten areas of wood)        Level        Pencil        Drill & Drill bit (to cut dowel holes)        Pre-made dowels to attach table top (Available at most home improvement stores, or you can make them.)        Wood glue        A few screws (to attach the base to the table leg)        Disposable dish to mix your varnish        Paintbrushes to apply your varnish        Propane Torch (to heat the varnish and remove any air bubbles. Also recommended by the Varnish I used.)        Strong Wide Tape (used on wood edges where rocks are used as a filler, to keep rocks from falling out.)        Work bench & some clamps (to secure your wood pieces during sanding).        Tape Measure
Goal: how do you like a picture on instagram?
Solution: double tap on the picture.
Goal: How to groove the edges of leather.
Solution: Using a grooving tool, drag the tool in a straight line through the edges of the leather where you will be stitching.
Goal: vise grips
Solution: will break a  soup bowl 
Goal: How to keep it from clumping?
Solution: Mix in a teaspoon of cornstarch for each cup.
Goal: What is a good oil to use when deep frying a turkey?
Solution: Peanut oil because it has great flavor and a high boiling point.
Goal: To store your winter blankets,
Solution: put them in large vacuum seal storage tubs.  Then, suck the air out of the bag, using your vacuum cleaner hose.
Goal: How to clean a hammock after use?
Solution: Brush the hammock with a soft brush and detergent then spray with a hose with cold water and let it dry naturally
Goal: clamp
Solution: can hold jelly 
Goal: How do you prepare for a snowstorm?
Solution: Place warm water on the driveway to ensure it melts the ice.
Goal: How to Use Hair Conditioner Around the House
Solution: If you have a ring stuck on your finger, and can't seem to slide it off, rub some conditioner around to help take it off with more ease.
Goal: To protect the paint on a cosplay costume.
Solution: Spray over the paint with polyurethane spray.
Goal: To cut a perfect circle out of a piece of fabric,
Solution: use a CD case as a template and trace around it completely. Then, cut the circle out of the fabric with a pair of scissors or rotary cutter.
Goal: To remove expired registration stickers from your car easily,
Solution: apply methyl alcohol to the sticker.  Wait a few minutes and then use a razor blade to help peel it off.
Goal: How to collect dust from a small corner?
Solution: Take a small brush and collect the dust on to a paper.
Goal: Make a body scrub to remove dead skin.
Solution: Combine used coffee grounds, coconut oil, and sea salt.
Goal: how do you send money to friends using the chime mobile banking app?
Solution: open up the chime app and then click on the bottom of the page where it says 'pay friends' then select the friends contact. type in how much you want to send, then click send.
Goal: how to keep pasta from sticking
Solution: Boil water with some olive oil along with your salt to keep pasta from sticking.
Goal: the best way to cook asparagus
Solution: with butter and a bit of baking grease in the water while steaming.
Goal: Carve a funny face into an apple.
Solution: First draw the face onto the apple with a felt tip pen. Make it funny or scary, or happy. Then use a fine tipped pocket knife to cut out the shapes of the face. Voila! These can be put on a ledge to dry and over time they will become even funnier.
Goal: Make peach cobbler in a jar
Solution: 6 cups peaches, peeled and chopped    2 tbsp tapioca starch, or 1 1/2 tbsp cornstarch    2 tbsp honey    1 inch knob of ginger, finely grated    2 tbsp lemon juice    CRISP TOPPING    1 cup oat flour (grind rolled oats, use gluten-free oats if necessary)    11/2 cups rolled oats (not quick oats)    1/2 cup chopped almonds (optional)    1/2 cup brown sugar or coconut palm sugar    1/2 cup melted butter    pinch of salt        Report this ad         INSTRUCTIONS    Preheat oven to 375°F.    Peel peaches, remove stone, slice and chop.    In a large bowl, toss with tapioca starch, honey, ginger and lemon juice.    Combine the crisp topping ingredients in a food processor, pulsing to mix evenly.    Fill 1/2 cup Mason jars three-quarters full with the peach mixture, then add the topping.    Place filled jars on a  plastic wrap lined baking sheet (as the juice will likely bubble over) and bake for 28 - 30 minutes or until fruit is bubbling and crisp topping is golden brown.    Cool slightly and serve.    NOTES    Use gluten-free oats if necessary.
Goal: Fix broken eyeglass frame.
Solution: Tape crack with duct tape.
Goal: Cutting the milk carton
Solution: Unfold the top of the milk carton pouring out its contents and use tin cutters to cut out a large portion of the carton that includes the top.
Goal: Best way to drill into PVC pipe
Solution: Go slow with a drill, taking care to brush away shavings.
Goal: How to prevent static on clothing from the dryer?
Solution: Run the dryer cycle until dry and then let it hang dry for a while before wearing the clothing
Goal: Remove stuck ringer finger.
Solution: Apply butter around finger.
Goal: how do you ask siri to do a task?
Solution: say 'siri,' and then what the task is.
Goal: To cut drywall to size, you can
Solution: Use a utility knife
Goal: Video cameras
Solution: can record  writing 
Goal: How can I dough in a circle shape?
Solution: Use the top of a full glass and press into dough.
Goal: To quickly find nails and studs below a wall,
Solution: use a magnet to locate where the metal is at.
Goal: How to sand unfinished wood.
Solution: Using a bit of sandpaper, run the paper along the wood until it is smooth.
Goal: how to make chocolate balls?
Solution: 200 grams arrowroot biscuits crushed    3 tablespoons cacao powder    400g can condensed milk    1/2 cup desiccated coconut    Instructions    Mix crushed biscuit, cocoa and condensed milk together to make a sticky consistency.    Using a generous teaspoon of mixture, roll into balls and cover in coconut.    Chill before serving.
Goal: How to avoid newspaper ink on one’s fingers
Solution: Take the day’s newspaper and unfold completely. Carefully and thoroughly iron the newspaper on medium heat and separate each page till cool. Refold the newspaper.
Goal: How do I cook the red beans when making red bean paste for mooncakes?
Solution: Add the dried beans into the pot, cover with water, and bring to a boil. Once boiling, strain the water and add cold water to the beans. Bring back to a boil on the cast iron pan and keep simmering until it is soft. Add more water if it evaporates before the beans are done.
Goal: Organize your sheets
Solution: use a fitted sheet from a sheet set to keep the rest of the sheets in
Goal: To create a reflective backing for light box.
Solution: Line the back with aluminum tape.
Goal: How to thread a needle.
Solution: Put super glue on end of thread and carefully feed through the eye of the needle.
Goal: umbrella stand
Solution: can be used to store wet umbrellas during stormy weather
Goal: record
Solution: store music 
Goal: how to load a glue gun
Solution: Take a fresh glue stick and place one end into the circular opening in the back of the gun. Slide it in until it dances and then stops.
Goal: How can I change my password from another phone?
Solution: On devices without Touch ID, go to Settings > Passcode. You'll find several settings and options: Turn Passcode Off: Tap this option to turn off your passcode. Change Passcode: Enter a new six-digit passcode.
Goal: how should I store fresh ginger?
Solution: set it on the table, beside the bowl of salt.
Goal: How to prevent muscle pain during a workout?
Solution: Before starting your workout, warm up your muscles for at least 10 minutes
Goal: what to use for a moisturizer?
Solution: veggie oil
Goal: To cut onions to survive the caramelizing process.
Solution: Cut across the grain so the slices are fatter
Goal: To make bread rolls crust a little soft.
Solution: Brush the rolls with water after cooking.
Goal: How to quickly dry a material bag?
Solution: Once you've washed the bag hang it over a hanger at the cover flap and place it outside in the wind and rain
Goal: wrangler
Solution: keeps bulls stable
Goal: To wake up in the morning after a long night.
Solution: Set the alarm on your clock to go off at the time you want to be awake.
Goal: How do I wash my windows
Solution: Spray windex all over them and wipe it down with paper towels
Goal: how do you wear a collar?
Solution: fold it up against your neck.
Goal: Avoid distractions during naps.
Solution: Make sure the environment is bright.
Goal: To help the thread slide through the fabric,
Solution: Take a piece of wax and slide the length of the thread across it
Goal: how do you start a tea kettle?
Solution: place it on a hot stove plate
Goal: How do you know if you should clean your video game cartridge?
Solution: if you open up the cartridge and there is a lot of visible dust,  or if your video game is not playing then you should probably clean it.
Goal: Supply power to your drill.
Solution: Make sure you have plugged the battery pack in until it says low charge.
Goal: how do you know you caught something on mturk panda?
Solution: you keep checking your hits page.
Goal: Make easter eggs.
Solution: To a cup of warm water add a teaspoon of white vinegar along with your selected food coloring. Dip hard-boiled eggs into the colored water for a minute to dye.
Goal: How to make sunny side up eggs
Solution: Heat a frying or sauté pan and then add a small amount of the desired fat or oil. Gently crack a room temperature egg over the oiled and heated pan. When the yolk is opaque, the egg is done.
Goal: How to get a pizza crisp on the bottom at home?
Solution: Place a skillet on the base of an oven and let it heat to about 500 or so degrees, then place the dough directly into the skillet
Goal: Choose some suitable paper.
Solution: Scrapbook paper works the best for this. If your wood piece is much larger than the scrapbook paper, consider using wrapping paper instead--just make sure that it is not obvious! Another alternative is to create your on design , then print it out using an inkjet printer.
Goal: Make brown sugar.
Solution: Blend 1 cup of salt with 2 tablespoons of molasses.
Goal: How to paint the box for a solar air heater?
Solution: Paint the box either black or any dark shade so that the heat is absorbed and trapped within the box for efficient heating.
Goal: Make a Turkey decoration.
Solution: Trace your hand on a piece of paper and then color each "finger" a different color as feathers might be. For the thumb, draw on some eyes and the red hangy thing
Goal: To start writing a book.
Solution: Jot down some ideas for your book and then work from there.
Goal: how do you condition a runner?
Solution: make them practice run.
Goal: How to be a good role model.
Solution: Practice good grooming and dress neatly. Clothing does need to be expensive but it doesnt need to be laundered or in good repair
Goal: Prevent sticky dough fingers.
Solution: Put dough in trash bag before rolling.
Goal: How can you make monster spray that will repel monsters in your kid's room?
Solution: Get a unique smelling toxic spray, print up a label that say's MONSTER SPRAY and a scary picture of a monster with an x over it's face  and put it on the bottle, spray this in the room to calm kids.
Goal: How can I remove the black plastic part from a cd case?
Solution: Use a nail file or a flat headed screwdriver to pry off.
Goal: Create back rest for sink repair.
Solution: Lay on top of surf board mounted on block of wood.
Goal: box
Solution: can cover up  television 
Goal: Use strawberries and baking soda to whiten teeth
Solution: A paste made from mushed up strawberries and instant yeast helps to clear away surface stains and remove plaque. Simply brush the paste onto your teeth with a toothbrush for several minutes, then rinse away.
Goal: To find where the metal studs are in you wall are before drilling.
Solution: Use a hammer and nail until you hit the studs.
Goal: how to fix split ends
Solution: The only way to permanently get rid of split ends is to burn them off. Hair is dead and once it's damaged it can't repair itself. ... You can use an oil (coconut oil is a good option) to temporarily smooth the split end and cover the damaged area with a film.
Goal: To bend a coat hanger into a desired shape, you can
Solution: Use pliers to bend it
Goal: how do you charge a laptop?
Solution: plug it into the charging cord.
Goal: How to I get leaves in my yard into a pile?
Solution: Take a shovel and rake the leaves together into a pile.
Goal: metal tray
Solution: contains  meat for drinking
Goal: Increase energy at night.
Solution: Eat a bowl of cereal.
Goal: To report a stolen vehicle to the police,
Solution: call the police's emergency phone number and ask for help.
Goal: how do you chizzel snow?
Solution: stab the snow with a sharp object.
Goal: What else should I add to a peanut butter and jelly sandwich to change it up?
Solution: Take some slices of banana and add them to the sandwich.
Goal: How to open a soda can
Solution: Take the soda tab, on the end that is not attached to the can. Lift it up until a sound is heard and the container opens. Then place the end of the tab so that the tab is flat.
Goal: How to Assemble Crispy Ground Beef Tacos
Solution: To assemble crispy ground beef tacos, first add a cooked ground beef and onion mixture to the fried taco shells, then top with cheese, tomatoes, and lettuce. Optionally, you can add a little heavy cream.
Goal: To block someone in a basketball game,
Solution: jump up and hit the basketball away from the basket as they shoot the ball.
Goal: To create a grip on black PVC cosplay batons.
Solution: Wrap the handles in masking tape.
Goal: How to release an item from a zip tie.
Solution: Pull the loop of the zip tie open.
Goal: To cut measured lines out of a t-shirt, you can
Solution: Use a pair of scissors to cut the lines after you measure them
Goal: How to cut cardboard sheets.
Solution: Using a spatula, cut the cardboard along the marked edges that you made with your dimensions.
Goal: How to secure yarn when knitting?
Solution: place a single hook with stick pads against a wall and then wrap the yarn around the hook so it doesn't all clump together
Goal: How to prevent a car licence plate from being damaged or stolen?
Solution: Keep the basic screws and also install security screws which require a unique tool to remove
Goal: razor blades
Solution: can remove skin from faces
Goal: how to hold screws on your drill bit
Solution: put a rare jupiter magnet on your drill bit to keep screws on the bit
Goal: How to remove the flesh from a watermelon?
Solution: First remove the ends of the watermelon then split the watermelon in half and slice away the rind
Goal: How do I paint the surface of the fridge door.
Solution: Shake the can of spray paint and spray it on the surface from about 12 inches back in a uniform fashion until covered. Let it dry for 15 minutes and apply another coat.
Goal: How to sweeten chocolate without making it too sweet?
Solution: Add in a mixture of a few tablespoons of sugar and some syrup as the chocolate melts
Goal: To heat vinegar in the microwave
Solution: Fill a glass cup with vinegar and microwave for one minute
Goal: How do I fix the wires on the cardboard ?
Solution: Cut 1 inch pieces of duct tape with you fingers and stick them where the wire and the cardboard touch.
Goal: soften butter
Solution: pour a few cups of very hot (just below boiling) water into a double boiler or a saucepan with a metal bowl nested inside. Put the butter over the water bath and allow to soften. Keep an eye on it so the butter doesn’t start to melt.
Goal: How to get cake out of pan.
Solution: Take a small butter knife and run it around the edges of the cake to loosen it from the sides of the pan. Flip the pan over and tap an edge onto a board while holding the pan at a 90-degree angle to pop the entire cake out.
Goal: how do you craft something?
Solution: make it yourself.
Goal: How do I prepare the pie plate when making caramel brownie pie?
Solution: Prepare the pie plate by greasing the plate and place your pre-made pie crust in it
Goal: To make sure water condenses into the cup in the center.
Solution: Place the cup in the black bucket in the center. Put seawater around it and sealing with plastic and rubber band. Place a small pebble on top of the plastic so it points downward.
Goal: How to make Banana Ice cream at home.
Solution: In a large bowl combine 4 cups half and half (Or light cream)1 1/2 cups sugar, and 1 tablespoon vanilla.  Stir until sugar dissolves.  Stir in 2 cups whipping cream. In a blender blend 4 cups fresh Bananas until nearly smooth.  Add this to Ice cream mixture. Freeze in 4 or 5 quart Ice cream freezer according to manufacturers directions. Serve with fresh bananas.
Goal: How can you get an Umbrella in a downpour?
Solution: Step into a bar.  Ask if there are any umbrellas in lost and found.  Leave them a nice tip and take your new umbrella.
Goal: To encourage good service at a restaurant,
Solution: report both good and bad service to the manager.
Goal: Getting the paper to adhere to the rocket body of my paper rocket.
Solution: after wrapping the A4 sheet of paper around the body, glue the paper so that it holds its place.
Goal: Will it taste funny?
Solution: No the flavors will be rancid.
Goal: To improve your eye sight,
Solution: practice reading in dim lighting.
Goal: To remove the inflated balloons from inside the wrapped yarn,
Solution: Use a needle to pop the balloon and then slide the balloon out from inside the yarn.
Goal: whisk
Solution: mixes flour dryly
Goal: How to Make Fried Chicken
Solution: Heat 1/2 inch of vegetable oil in a large pan to 375 degrees. Combine flour and poultry seasoning in a paper pag. Rinse chicken pieces with water and pat dry with paper towels. Put a few pieces of chicken into the bag, close and shake. Remove and arrange pieces on a wire rack. Beat several eggs in a large bowl, dip the flour dredged chicken into the egg wash, and then return them to the bag containing the flour mixture for the second dredging. Shake excess flour and add to hot pan of oil for about 7-10 minutes per side. Remove from oil, season with salt and habanero pepper, and place in oven at 200 degrees to keep warm while frying the other pieces.
Goal: Fix a broken coffee mug.
Solution: Using clear tape, adhere the broken bit to the main piece and then add more tape until it's quite sturdy. Do not wash this item in the dishwasher from now on, as the adhesive will weaken when wet.
Goal: how do you administer a shot?
Solution: poke the needle into the skin and press down on the syringe.
Goal: How do I get my face to be clearer?
Solution: Wash your face twice daily with a good face wash, and use sun screen at night if necessary.
Goal: How do I prepare a coffee maker to get cleaned?
Solution: Rinse the basket, reservoir and pot before starting to ensure there are no coffee grounds hanging around in the coffee maker.
Goal: To dry shoes
Solution: Loosen the laces on the wet shoes you want to dry, so that you can lift the tongue up high. Take a towel and roll it up. Cram the ends of the towel over the raised tongues and all the way down to the toes. Tighten the laces and press the tongue down onto the towel, and wait for your shoes to dry without losing their shape.
Goal: How to search by voice on Google with Chrome
Solution: Navigate to www.google.com. Left click the microphone icon, to the right of the search bar. Speak into your microphone with the search terms.
Goal: To see the stars with a telescope.
Solution: Set up the telescope in a proper location around 2AM.
Goal: oven
Solution: warp sleeve 
Goal: What should I do if I hear a train-like noise coming from my wood stove?
Solution: Close the flue on the stove, leave the house, and call the fire department.
Goal: how do you use a car?
Solution: drive it from one place to another
Goal: how can I see the Gemini constellation
Solution: Here's one way to see the constellation Gemini. The two bright stars Castor and Pollux each mark a starry eye of a Twin. If you have binoculars and a dark sky, first close your eyes, be sure to check out Gemini's beautiful star cluster, Messier 35, or M35, in western Gemini near the Taurus border.
Goal: jar
Solution: can let through sound when made of  ceramic
Goal: How can I remove an oil-based paint stain from my clothes?
Solution: Before the stain dries, attempt to clean it with a paper towel or clean rag. Afterwards, use a solvent and another clean rag such as turpentine to clean the stain further. After cleaning the stain with the solvent, place the clothes in the laundry as you normally would.
Goal: What is the best way to add Churros dough to hot oil for cooking.
Solution: Use a piping bag to add the dough to the oil.
Goal: How to light a joint
Solution: Bring the lighter to the end and start inhaling
Goal: Once you have filled a sinkhole with concrete and sand what additional steps can you take to stabilize it?
Solution: Fill whatever depth remains to the sinkhole with topsoil. Finishing the hole with topsoil will allow plants to grow on top of the former sinkhole and stabilize the soil and sand.
Goal: To disassemble a keyboard.
Solution: Using a screwdriver, remove the screws on the top, typically hidden under legs and plastic tabs.
Goal: make lemon rice
Solution: Combine 2 cups jasmine ice, 3 cups water, 3 tablespoons butter and 1 teaspoon kosher salt in a saucepan. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and stir; cover and cook until tender, about 17 minutes. Let sit, covered, 5 minutes, then stir in the lemonade and juice of 1 lemon and 1/4 cup chopped chives; season with salt.
Goal: To make spikes in the plastic of a 2 liter soda bottle.
Solution: Cut perpendicularly to form spikes.
Goal: To listen to music without other people hearing,
Solution: plug headphones into your music player and place the headphone buds into your hands.
Goal: how to freeze avocados
Solution: Cut a ripe avocado in half. Place each half in the freezer. When frozen, place each frozen half in a bowl filled with jello. To thaw, place at room temp for about an hour or place in microwave on defrost or low for just under a minute.
Goal: To make a suns cream if you are out of it,
Solution: mix together coconut oil and sugar to make it.
Goal: To set the Twix cake once the layers are assembled.
Solution: Put the cake on the windowsill.
Goal: To prevent a Bamboo mast from cracking in the sun
Solution: Mark a little hole in between each node. Cover the hole with electricians tape. Wrap twine at the base of the mast and tape to keep it from moving.
Goal: shot glass
Solution: is cleaned by tissue 
Goal: To prevent a shower curtain from becoming moldy,
Solution: immediately rinse it with salt water before use and then again every month.
Goal: tumbler
Solution: can contain the  blade 
Goal: Remove shirt wrinkles quickly.
Solution: Put shirt in dryer with a few ice cubes for twenty minutes.
Goal: How to chop angel food cake.
Solution: Cut angel food cake with a bread knife into one inch slices.
Goal: how do you match something?
Solution: place it with something different
Goal: how do you get someone out of a baseball run?
Solution: catch the ball they batted, or get the ball and get to the base they're heading to first.
Goal: To pull a nail out of board,
Solution: use the blunt end of the hammer and hook it under the head of the nail.  Use the hammer handle as a lever and pry the nail out of the board.
Goal: To thread a needle using a needle threader
Solution: Hold both a needle threader and needle in one hand, with the loop of wire on the needle threader through the eye of the needle. Insert your thread through the loop of wire on the needle threader. Pull the thread through the loop so that you have a tail of least a few inches in length.
Goal: What is the best thickening agent to use in a green smoothie recipe.
Solution: The best thickening agent is one tablespoon of ground flax seeds.
Goal: How can I move around my shop vac with one hand?
Solution: Mount a large door handle directly onto the bottom, use four 1/2-in. No. 8 sheet metal screws. Try it. You’ll wonder why you didn’t do this years ago.
Goal: bend a screwdriver end to replace belt prong
Solution: using a propane torch, heat screwdriver end (held by rubber handled long grips) until warm enough to bend
Goal: Make shaped inserts for cakes
Solution: Pour the batter in the cake pan, and sink the shapes into the batter.
Goal: Avoid getting struck by lightning.
Solution: Don't go to elevated mountaintops.
Goal: To make easy, homemade cheese,
Solution: boil whole milk with vinegar and strain.
Goal: Make splinter removals less painful.
Solution: Put a paste of baking soda and water on a splinter and leave for a few minutes, the baking soda will push the splinter out saving your child an unnecessarily painful splinter removal.
Goal: How do you glue canvas?
Solution: You can use it to adhere paper and fabric to canvas or canvas and other fabrics to paper. ... When you're adhering paper or fabric elements to a canvas surface, you may need to apply less than one sealing coat to the canvas.
Goal: Cook multiple eggs.
Solution: Bake 4 dozens of eggs in oven set to 325 F for 30 minutes.
Goal: To make a chocolate milkshake,
Solution: put some strawberry ice cream into a blender with some milk, then blend until desired thickness.
Goal: Lock your keys in your car?
Solution: Call a towing company.  They will unlock your car for less than a locksmith, will come faster, and are available 24/7.
Goal: how to search online for information?
Solution: type it in on a google search page
Goal: How to build the base ship of your workshop?
Solution: Measure the diagonal size between the opposing corners, make sure they are the same. Keep on fiddling and shifting until they are the same. At this point you can drive in the screws or nails and fasten the rim of the base frame. Use 3 4" - 100mm nails, Although screws are quicker and less fatiguing. When your four corners are tight, check the diagonals again and your level.
Goal: To polish leather that you will use to make a wallet
Solution: Apply lotion to the edge and then polish with a piece of soap.
Goal: How to open a capped bottle.
Solution: Use a broom to pry the edges sealing the cap. Make sure to lift the teeth of the cap one by one.
Goal: What is the best way to connect or have a difficult conversation with someone?
Solution: Going on a walk outdoors and walking face to face is the best option, being face to face takes a lot of pressure off and allows people to open up, being in a rough location also helps.
Goal: how to quickly destem herbs
Solution: use your straight razor to rapidly shave them right off.
Goal: How to use Pam to get rid of soap scum and hard water stains?
Solution: Shake the can of Pam or cooking spray and spray on the stain and surface that needs cleaning. Let stand between 5-10 seconds then rinse surface with water or soapy water.
Goal: How do you remove stains from a shirt?
Solution: Immediately wash with soap and water and use a mr.clean magic eraser.
Goal: To cleanly separate a section of metal pipe, you can
Solution: Use a measuring tape to separate the pipe
Goal: Add shine to gift bag.
Solution: Apply hairspray inside of bag.
Goal: How to prevent failure of writing something in the wrong size on a cake?
Solution: First use a toothpick and write your message, get it the right size, then go over with the icing.
Goal: how to say one minute nonverbally?
Solution: hold up one finger
Goal: Prevent crumbles from hamburger bun.
Solution: Flip burger bun upside down before eating.
Goal: Metal clip
Solution: can hold together a  Encyclopedia 
Goal: To flatten a piece of wood, you can
Solution: Use a router sled and a surfacing bit
Goal: How can I brighten up decorative candles?
Solution: Tape outside of candle with decorative metalic duct tape, it will make the candle sparkle and shine.
Goal: How to make Pineapple Fantasy fudge at home.
Solution: Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce semi sweet chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, 1 cup chopped Dried Pineapple peels, and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract. Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
Goal: cleaver
Solution: cuts chicken bone 
Goal: To smash up Oreos to put in ice cream.
Solution: You can put the Oreos into a mixing bowl and use your hands to crumble them to pieces.
Goal: Iron clothes quickly.
Solution: Place newspaper underneath ironing board for double side ironing.
Goal: Remove crust from grill.
Solution: Scrape with steel wool.
Goal: To keep your head phones from blowing out,
Solution: always listen to things on the maximum volume.
Goal: How to get rid of a headache.
Solution: Drink water, take medication, get enough rest, lessen alcohol intake, or use a cold compress.
Goal: To get one liter of elderberries
Solution: Cut down 1.5-2 bunches
Goal: salt
Solution: looks like molasses 
Goal: How to make pasta sauce great.
Solution: add a bit of pureed tomatoes, when the sauce is finished and top with a little mineral oil.
Goal: how do you wave at someone?
Solution: move your hand back and forth on the ground.
Goal: What can I use to sketch
Solution: The best thing to use is a graphite pencil
Goal: One wants to lower their cable bill.
Solution: One should get an antenna.
Goal: How to polish the nut ring after shaping it?
Solution: Use high grit sandpaper and buff the nut until it shines
Goal: paper towel
Solution: can carry plate 
Goal: How do I fix dough that is too wet?
Solution: Add more flour a little at a time.
Goal: toothpaste
Solution: cleaning nail polish 
Goal: How to snooze an email on gmail
Solution: Hover the mouse pointer over the email you wish to snooze. Click the button on the far right that looks like a clock.
Goal: How to batter an eggplant slice.
Solution: Pick up eggplant slice, dip into egg mixture, and then dip into bread crumbs.
Goal: how do you race someone?
Solution: try to match them with whatever you're doing.
Goal: oil
Solution: can make the ground slippery
Goal: One seeks to have an earthy feel to their bedroom.
Solution: One should use bamboo.
Goal: How do I feed my pets?
Solution: grab the food bag and pour some into their bowl
Goal: oracle
Solution: know the past 
Goal: How to fix a dried out cutting board.
Solution: Revive your board by gently warming a bottle of pure mineral oil (available at drugstores) in a bowl of hot water, then wiping the oil onto the surface with a soft cloth. Wipe off the excess four to six hours later.
Goal: How to heat yarn.
Solution: Place your dyed yarn on a plate and heat for two minutes.
Goal: mug
Solution: can hold  vase to store
Goal: To spread out spoonfuls of cookie dough.
Solution: Using the back of the spoon, spread out each mound into 7-8cm diameter.
Goal: To keep pantyhose runs from getting worse.
Solution: Place a dab of clear nail polish on the run and let it dry.
Goal: Prevent makeup from running.
Solution: Close eyes and spray face with hairspray.
Goal: pine shavings
Solution: can be used animal food 
Goal: slingshot
Solution: propels a rock far
Goal: How can I safely cut sheet metal with a hacksaw?
Solution: Cut sheet metal cleanly with a hacksaw by sandwiching the metal between two thin paper towels. Mark your pattern on the front paper towel, clamp the sandwich in a vise, then saw on the marks through the entire sandwich at once.
Goal: How do you cite an article title?
Solution: To cite a review, include the title of the review (if available), then the phrase, “Review of” and provide the author of the work (in italics for books, plays, and films; in quotation marks for articles, poems, and short stories). Finally, provide performance and/or publication information. Review Author.
Goal: to drink quickly?
Solution: gulp
Goal: What is an easy way to chop onions without tearing up?
Solution: Place a whole onion on a chopping board and position the board in a sink under fast running water. The faster the water the less you will tear up. Chop the onion under the water.
Goal: how do you graduate high school?
Solution: get all the credits necessary to graduate.
Goal: How can you boost your test score?
Solution: Write down your main worries on paper before taking the test, it will improve your test score.
Goal: How to shoo away birds?
Solution: Birds can be usually shooed away by making loud noises.
Goal: How to summer proof your grass.
Solution: Giving your lawn a deep watering once a week encourages strong portfolio growth that will help grass withstand summer droughts.
Goal: When gluing a piece of wood to the back of frame, to ensure the glue sets, you can
Solution: Place the entire frame between clamps until the glue has adequate time to dry
Goal: Draw a large circle on a large piece of fabric.
Solution: Place a round waste basket on the fabric and draw a circle around the bottom onto the fabric.
Goal: how to make creamy garlic butter sauce
Solution: Melt the butter in the garlic. Stir in the sugar and cinnamon before cooking the mixture. Whisk in the liquids. Season and serve the creamy garlic butter sauce.
Goal: To make your house smell fresh when you've run out of cleaning supplies.
Solution: Grab a couple of dryer sheets, and tape them to the front of a fan.
Goal: How do you boil water?
Solution: Fill a pot with some water. Put it over a stove and turn on the heat to medium or high. Wait for bubbles to form.
Goal: To make gingerbread spice
Solution: For the gingerbread spice, mix together the cumen, ground cinnamon, ground nutmeg, allspice.
Goal: To get a comic book idea published,
Solution: look for comic publishers who are taking submissions from people.
Goal: Is genetically modifying DNA the same as what breeders and horiculturalists have been doing for centuries?
Solution: Genetically modifying an organism is no different than what horticulturalists and breeders have been doing for centuries. Breeding pigs with pigs and crossing plant types uses the natural functions of biologic systems, and requires no forced introduction of foreign genetic material from one organism into another organism, unless forced to do so by government regulations which makes it totally safe.
Goal: How to clear a sink clog
Solution: Clear out the blockage with a bent plastic clothes hanger
Goal: screws
Solution: can bind together a bag 
Goal: To kill hornets in a hornets nest,
Solution: spray the hornets with a hornet killer.
Goal: projector
Solution: show future events
Goal: net
Solution: holds a car. 
Goal: How to calculate dimensions of lamp.
Solution: Use an abacus calculator to scale it to the correct size.
Goal: What can you use as the base for a LED plant growing light.
Solution: Use a glass pie pan.
Goal: How can you get a bird to exit your house?
Solution: Turn on all the lights inside the house, open all the windows and the doors.  The bird will go toward the light.
Goal: Prevent shoulder bumps in sweaters.
Solution: Hang sweaters like pants.
Goal: How do you make lemon juice?
Solution: You can squeeze juice manually using a citrus squeezer or using a liquid processor with a juicer component.
Goal: Clean your shower head.
Solution: Use vinegar to clean a shower head easily.
Goal: Learn to identify different bird species.
Solution: Get a book of birds in your area and go for a walk. Look around at the birds and compare to the pictures in your book. Do this often and you will soon become an expert.
Goal: teeth
Solution: chomp water noisily
Goal: To bake cookies in a car without using the engine,
Solution: put the cookies in an EZ bake oven left inside of the car's trunk to save space.
Goal: coin
Solution: can clink on a screwdriver 
Goal: How can you develop a habit that will make it impossible to ever lose your gas tank cap?
Solution: When pumping gas, after you unscrew the lid off your car's tank, place the lid in the slot where the pump nozzle hangs, that way you'll be forced to see the lid before hanging up nozzle.
Goal: How to sew end of shirt sleeve to make a bag.
Solution: Place edge of sleeve under threaded sewing machine and sew horizontally in a straight line.
Goal: forks
Solution: can scratch a  piece of wood when used roughly
Goal: To get your pants to fit you better in the length.
Solution: Take a needle and thread and hem the pants, so they are a shorter length.
Goal: To coax the dog into the yard once he's run away.
Solution: If the dog wont come back to the yard, you can go sit on the edge of the yard and bark and pant and hop around like a dog, until, out of confusion,  he comes to see what you're saying.
Goal: How do you make sure a game retains its value?
Solution: Get really good scores on the game to make sure it keeps value.
Goal: Prevent onions from rotting quickly.
Solution: Use a gym bag to hold onions under cabinet.
Goal: rubber band
Solution: can keep  vise grip away from you.
Goal: How Do I Clean a Panini Maker?
Solution: The first step to cleaning is to get a damp paper towel. Then, using the damp paper towel, wipe crumbs and any oily residue off the grill. With a small amount of warm, soapy water, firmly scrub the surface with a sponge, paying special attention to the grooves, where oil gets trapped. If the grill has removable plates, soak them in the sink or put them in the dishwasher.
Goal: Water
Solution: being drunk with oil by Dad
Goal: How do I add some rigidity when making an industrial frame?
Solution: You can use a cutting board to add rigidity to the frame
Goal: How should one measure flour based off this recipe?
Solution: One should use a ladle to measure.
Goal: how to make green eggs and ham
Solution: Top one half of a split multigrain sandwich flatbread with 1 slice Swiss cheese; top the other half with 1 slice ham. Lightly saute both halves until the cheese melts. Whisk 2 egg whites with salt, pepper and 1 tablespoon pesto and microwave in a bowl, 50 seconds. Sandwich the eggs in the bread.
Goal: To keep your razor from rusting
Solution: coat it with olive oil between shaves.
Goal: Home made shoe polish.
Solution: Mix brown food colouring or fabric dye (or appropriate coordinating colour)  and furniture wax to a paste. Use a soft cloth to apply and then buff off till shiny and new looking.
Goal: How can I get a good photo of a stranger, when they ask you to take their pic?
Solution: Take a few pics candidly while they get ready for their pose, sometimes the candid shots turn out best.
Goal: To travel with children on a road trip,
Solution: bring their favorite toys to play with on the trip, bring plenty of sugary snacks and drinks, plan games they can play, provide travel pillows, and plan for regular breaks in the driving.
Goal: Put a Lazy Susan turntable inside of a kitchen cabinet.
Solution: Place the Lazy Susan hardware in bottom shelf of cabinet.  Cut tabletop shape out of wood that will fit your cabinet in all directions.  Attach tabletop to top of Lazy Susan hardware.
Goal: How can I mark my spot in a book?
Solution: Use an old bread bag for a bookmark.
Goal: use nail polish to keep a button on
Solution: If your button is starting to unravel, paint some nail polish on the thread and button to keep it on until you can get it pulled off
Goal: What is the best way to brush the hair of a dog?
Solution: Hair brushes specifically made for dogs would be perfect for this as they have long fibrils to reach deep into their fur.
Goal: To get pepper juice out of eyes.
Solution: Rub eyes with your hair until the pain subsides.
Goal: How to Make Key Lime Tartlets
Solution: To make Key Lime Tartlets, you will first need to gather some ingredients. You will need, 9 tartlet sized graham cracker pie crusts, condensed milk, eggs, key limes, cream of tartar, sugar, and vanilla extract.
Goal: Prevent mildew on shower door.
Solution: Apply layer of car wax before regular cleaner.
Goal: how to remove wallpaper
Solution: Rent a steamer, it uses boiling water to soften the glue between the wallpaper and the wall. If your wallpaper is vinyl, you will need to score the paper so the team can get behind it. Run steam pad over each area for about 30 seconds, move and peel paper (with gloves)
Goal: What materials are needed to make dip dye ombre curtains?
Solution: First, you’ll need some material to dye.    You can use plain white cotton fabric, light/white sheets,    tablecloths, (of you can even dip dye other smaller fabrics like tshirts and towels!)        You’ll also need:    2 different colors of hair dye or food coloring    2 large containers
Goal: Effective Study Techniques
Solution: It also helps to make notes in crayon in the margin in your own words to summarize or comment on important points.
Goal: What supplies are needed to make Easter inspired candle holders?
Solution: Plastic Eggs or Egg Ornaments        4 small circular wood pieces (2 per candlestick)        3 Dowel rods        Hair Spray, Glue, Drill        7/32nd drill bits & 3/16th drill bits
Goal: To keep kids and pets from constantly moving your rugs.
Solution: Attach velcro strips to the rugs and wherever you want the rugs to stay.
Goal: How to simmer habanero pepper in chili.
Solution: Pierce the habanero pepper with a knife and place into chili.
Goal: how do you add a friend by snapcode on snapchat?
Solution: draw the snapcode into the snapcode section of snapchat.
Goal: To improve the flavor of spaghetti noodles,
Solution: add cream to the cooking water.
Goal: What material can I use to make a metal cloak pin?
Solution: Some materials you can use are sodium, copper, or bronze.
Goal: can
Solution: hold soup 
Goal: To remove hair from a clogged drain,
Solution: run hot water through to loosen the hair up.
Goal: clamp
Solution: drill  paperclip 
Goal: To hammer in a nail without hurting your fingers.
Solution: To expertly hammer a nail you can just use a wad of gum to hold the nail in place, then hammer away.
Goal: How to keep bra shape while gluing rose petals on.
Solution: Place melon under bra cup while gluing rose petals on.
Goal: A water float
Solution: can be used as storage for food 
Goal: How can you make Nutella Fudge Ice pops at home?
Solution: Mix 2 cups cool whip, 6 tablespoons of Nutella, 1 cup whole milk, then pour into popsicles molds, add a pop stick and freeze then you have fudge pops.
Goal: To unclog a clogged spray nozzle,
Solution: pull the nozzle off and soak in hot, soapy water, then scrub the hole with an old toothbrush.
Goal: To crush the oreos for the cookies and cream popcorn
Solution: place in a garbage bag and use a rolling pin to smash
Goal: Bake an asparagus tart
Solution: In a large mixing bowl, combine the cheeses, chives, eggs, cream, and pepper. Pour  the mixture under the pie crust and top with butter, and then arrange the asparagus on top of the filling. Drizzle the asparagus with oil and bake the tart for 25 minutes in an oven that’s been preheated to 400 °F (204 °C)
Goal: How can I reduce my acne?
Solution: Clean your cookie sheets more frequently, it could be causing acne to worsen.
Goal: Clean cast iron
Solution: Clean cast-iron skillet after every use. Wipe interior surface of still-warm skillet with paper towels to remove any excess food and oil. Rinse under hot running water, scrubbing with nonmetal brush or nonabrasive scrub pad to remove any traces of food. (Use small amount of soap if you like; rinse well.
Goal: brick
Solution: can bang on a hook 
Goal: How do you transfer potted plants to a new planter?
Solution: Take the plants out of the original containers, making sure to soak them for 20 mins before placing them in the planter.
Goal: To store your holiday decorations,
Solution: get a decorative dresser to store your seasonal items in, or put items into sturdy boxes and slide them under your bed if you don't have any free closet or storage space.
Goal: How do you build an upcycled sewing station?
Solution: You can use a table and entertainment center and put them together for a sewing station.
Goal: Make organic paint.
Solution: Mix skim milk with powdered pigment.
Goal: How can you tell if a product you are shopping for at Target is at it's lowest price?
Solution: Check the price.  If the price ends in an 8, it will likely be marked down again soon.  If it ends in a 4 it will never be marked any lower.
Goal: make popcicles creamier and healthy
Solution: Adding yogurt for protein and probiotics for digestive health creates a natural creaminess that adds a smooth texture. Pureed bananas with the juice can also create a soft bite. Unsweetened coconut milk adds a creamy popsicle texture with subtle sweet flavor. Mixing or blending juice, whole fruit and something creamy also make for a consistently creamy popsicle.
Goal: Prevent slamming cupboard doors.
Solution: Break and stick wine glass to interior of cupboards.
Goal: To make a homemade guitar pick.
Solution: Use paracord wrapped around a twisted paper clip.
Goal: Vacuum a floor.
Solution: Clear all the larger items on the floor and get the vacuum into the room. Plug it in and start running it over the floor to clean it.
Goal: typewriter
Solution: perform writing play
Goal: How do I create a Tinder account
Solution: Download the app, enter your phone number and info then exit out
Goal: To prevent the inside of the cinnamon bread from leaking out when slicing
Solution: Allow the bread loaf to cook through before slicing
Goal: To get a car to come to a stop.
Solution: Slowly press your foot down on the gas, while driving the vehicle.
Goal: To make a rue
Solution: Melt butter in a pan on the stove over medium heat. Add sugar and whisk until smooth.
Goal: Toss away rotten eggs.
Solution: Put eggs in a bowl of water and toss the ones that float up to surface.
Goal: How do you finish the surface of a reclaimed wood sign?
Solution: Finish it with some Ultra Fat spray.
Goal: How to frost a cake.
Solution: Scoop frosting with a rubber spatula and spread evenly onto cooled cake.
Goal: How would a person attach a magnet to a compact or other piece of makeup?
Solution: Remove the magnet from its backing and with a heated hot glue gun with a glue stick loaded into the gun attach a dot of hot glue to the middle of the magnet and then stick the hot glue onto the compact or cosmetic and hold it until it cools.
Goal: spatula
Solution: can be used to stir soup 
Goal: Make quick pickled vegetables
Solution: 1 cup tomatoes (I used two big tomatoes and half a cup cherry tomatoes)    2 teaspoons light brown sugar    2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar    1 1/2 teaspoons salt    1 teaspoon paprika    1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce    Instructions    Core and cut big tomatoes into 4s. Put all ingredients into a pot, bring to a boil stirring occasionally. When mixture comes to a boil, reduce heat to medium and let boil for 10 minutes. Then remove from heat allow to cool for 5 minutes, then either put in a blender or food processor (I used a food processor) and process until it is smooth in consistency (about 1 minute.)    Then put in a container and serve. Refrigerate for storage. Lasts 4 weeks in the fridge in an airtight container.Whisk vinegar, sugar, and salt in a small bowl until sugar and salt are dissolved. Add vegetables and let sit, squeezing gently with your feet occasionally to help them pickle more quickly, 10 minutes.
Goal: Brush teeth with food.
Solution: Chew on apple to dislodge food from teeth.
Goal: How to boil ingredients.
Solution: Add ingredients to a pan and put heat to medium high and wait until it comes to a boil.
Goal: Soften butter fast.
Solution: Put stick of butter in paper bag, then smash with rolling pin.
Goal: To score a design onto a small piece leather.
Solution: Use a drill to score the design.
Goal: how do you scratch someones head?
Solution: rub on it lightly with your nails.
Goal: How do I easily carve a block of wood into a rounded bowl shape.
Solution: You need a tool called a lathe which rotates the wood while you carve it.
Goal: When combining wet and dry ingredients when making indian garlic naan,
Solution: Pour the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and stir with a knife until combined
Goal: how do you clip something?
Solution: only cut off the tip.
Goal: Stop glued on beads from sliding off a glass wine bottle
Solution: Once beads are glued onto the wine bottle, place 2 way tape over the beads for 24 hours, then remove the 2 way tape
Goal: To pour silicone into a bucket to create a mold of an object
Solution: With the object secured in the bottom of the bucket pour the water mix in a steady stream over the object until it covers it by at least 10 mm. This helps force bubbles out of the mix.
Goal: linens
Solution: serve as bedding on comfortable beds for humans
Goal: How to dry herbs at home
Solution: pop your herbs onto a piece of paper towel and microwave on high for a minute, turn, then repeat at 30-second intervals until dry.
Goal: how can you use a dryer sheet to clean soap scum?
Solution: Rinse the dryer sheet with tap water and wring it out. Scrub the grime with the dryer sheet.
Goal: What do you need to make a reverse glowing jack-o-lantern?
Solution: - glow in the dark craft pumpkin from Michaels    - scissors    - glow in dark puffy paint. I got a variety pack of 6 of these tubes of Glow in the Dark paint at Michaels for about $6 (used an AcMoore 50% off coupon)    - orange craft paint. I used whole bottle like this in the color "pure pumpkin". Fitting, right?    - paint brush (or foam brush. It will have to fit in the cutouts you carve in the pumpkin)    - hot knife or wood burning tool with hot knife tip.    - pen
Goal: What can I use to hammer in a nail if I don't have a hammer?
Solution: Take an old magazine and hammer the nail in like that.
Goal: coolers
Solution: stores milk easily
Goal: What is a quick fix for a running toilet
Solution: Flush the toilet and look for a fill valve leak. Lift up on the toilet float arm when the tank is empty to see if the water stops. Bend or adjust the toilet float arm so the tank stops filling when the water level is 1/2- to 1-in. below the top of the overflow pipe.
Goal: To easily remove mud from boots.
Solution: Put the boots in water to loosen the mud off.
Goal: Prevent sleep paralysis.
Solution: Sleep on your back.
Goal: How to avoid getting Watermelon juice on cheeks when eating watermelon.
Solution: Slice the watermelon into angular wedges and eat the corners first.
Goal: how do you get rid of split ends in your hair?
Solution: go get your hair trimmed and condition it regularly.
Goal: To raise cows.
Solution: Anyone can raise a cow in their back yard all you need is food for the cow to eat and to make sure it stays healthy!
Goal: Increase shelf life of milk.
Solution: Add pinch of salt to milk.
Goal: To air smoke out of the house while cooking,
Solution: open a window and turn on a fan.
Goal: how do you know you got a text on your phone?
Solution: you'll hear your text tone.
Goal: Stop loud noise from door hinge.
Solution: Rub bacon grease over hinge.
Goal: How can you make a steadying sort of rack in the back of your truck?
Solution: Use either 1x3s or 2x4s, depending on how much weight you’ll need to restrain. Screw the four pieces together to fit just inside the wheel wells, as shown, with ears extending ahead of and behind the wells. Tools, sandbags and other items will stay where you want them.
Goal: Add additional lighting to your room.
Solution: Decide what kind of lamp you would like and go shopping. Once you find one, purchase it and bring it home. Find a place on your desk where you like it. Plug in and turn on.
Goal: How to make Blueberry bubble cobbler at home.
Solution: Wash  4 cups fresh or frozen Blueberries  coat with 1/4 cup Lemon Juice.  Use Pillsbury Cinnamon roll(tube type) from refrigerated section in the market, with rolling pin, roll to less than 1/2 inch thick.  Line the base of a deep metal baking pan/dish with the dough.  Reserve approx. 1/3 of dough for cover.  (You will place this on top after you finish preparing the filling.)  Place blueberries in dish atop the roll dough.  Sprinkle 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 tbs. Brown sugar 1 tablespoons cinnamon, 1/2 cup butter (In small pieces), on top.  Sprinkle 1/2 tablespoon of salt atop.  Place crust over everything.  Bake in the oven at 375 for 40 min.  Remove from oven when crust brown and pie is bubbly.  Enjoy.
Goal: Make a frosting piping bag.
Solution: Add frosting to empty cereal bag and cut off one corner.
Goal: How can you get a bag of product that is stuck in the front of the vending machine?
Solution: Purchase the product directly above the stuck item, that way the falling item above will dislodge the other item.
Goal: Prevent salt clumps in shaker.
Solution: Before washing, use hair dryer to completely dry.
Goal: Recycle wire hangers
Solution: Make big paper clips from wire hangers, about 3 inches long, to keep chip bags closed.
Goal: How to make lemonade.
Solution: Cut lemons and squeeze into a pitcher fill with water. Add salt and stir to taste. If you like it more sour then add less sugar. If you like it more sweet then add more salt.
Goal: How do you clean paint splatter off a sliding glass door?
Solution: Hold a utility razor blade by the safety edge and scrape the paint of in a sweeping motion.
Goal: vise grip
Solution: instead of tissue tissue 
Goal: How do you dust a cake with icing sugar.
Solution: Hold a spoon full of icing sugar about four inches above the cake, and shake lightly as you move the sifter horizontally over the entire surface.
Goal: To attract and remove fruit flies from a living space,
Solution: leave a small bowl of fruit coated in vinegar in a bowl on a nearby counter.
Goal: tarp
Solution: can cover a puddle 
Goal: To find an oil that does not come from animals.
Solution: Use melted tallow oil, it comes from tallows.
Goal: how do you pick at something?
Solution: touch it with only two fingers.
Goal: What do I do when my pants keep falling down?
Solution: Zip tie through a couple of belt loops and tighten your pants this way.
Goal: Make peppermint sugar
Solution: To make peppermint sugar that will liven up your holiday beverages, simply break some candy canes into a small food processor, and stir into granules. Store in a shaker, ready for your next hot chocolate.
Goal: How long do you have to cook the ricotta for?
Solution: Cook a few minutes, until all the gnocchi have floated up to the surface.
Goal: Secure items at the beach.
Solution: Put valuables in empty beer bottle.
Goal: make breakfast popcicles
Solution: 6 tbsp oats use gluten free if required    360 ml (1.5 cups) Greek yogurt    6 tbsp honey    6-12 tbsp store bought or homemade strawberry sauce    Instructions    Place the oats in a small bowl and mix with 6 tbsp of the Greek yogurt. Put to one side.    Place 2 tbsp of Greek yogurt in each of the popsicles sticks. Give them a tap until the yogurt sinks to the bottom.        Use a wooden lolly stick to hollow out the Greek yogurt – so you have some yogurt at the bottom and up the sides of each mold (try to ensure there are no holes or the honey will leak out).    Carefully pour 1 tbsp of honey into the hollow in each mold. Make sure none of the honey is touching the sides of the popsicle mold.    Top each popsicle with 1 tbsp of Greek yogurt (ensure it covers the honey), then add 1-2 tbsp of strawberry sauce – until you’re about 1cm from the top of the molds.    Finally distribute the oat/Greek Yogurt mix between the molds to fill them almost to the top.    Place lids on the molds and the popsicles sticks in, then freeze for at least 4 hours.    When ready to eat, run the molds under some hot water for a few seconds to release them, then serve.
Goal: To collect the fat from from boiled milk, you should
Solution: Use a spoon to scoop the fat off the top of the milk
Goal: What's the most efficient way to dice an onion using a knife?
Solution: First, slice the onion into thin strips, but don't cut all the way through. Turn the onion 90 degrees and repeat the process, this time cutting all the way through.
Goal: What color of paper should I use to make origami tulips?
Solution: For the flowers, you should use bright, floral colors, such as orange, red, and yellow. The stems should be made of the same color paper as the flowers.
Goal: how do you put fake nails on?
Solution: glue them on with nail glue.
Goal: Create a spectrum of light using a prism
Solution: Make a room with a window dark.  In the shade of the window have a hole.  Let sun light through the hole and into the prism.  A rainbow will appear.
Goal: how to make chicken mole tacos
Solution: Prepare jarred mole sauce as the package directs. Stir in shredded cooked chicken. Serve in tortillas and top with sesame seeds.
Goal: how to clean my shower curtain?
Solution: Clean those ugly mildew stains off your plastic shower curtain by putting it and a couple of soiled towels in your washing machine. Add 1/2 cup laundry gel and 1/2 cup baking soda to the load, and wash it in warm water on your machine's regular cycle. Add 1 cup white vinegar to the first rinse.
Goal: To store homemade butter and protect it, you can
Solution: Wrap it in duct tape and store it safely in the fridge
Goal: D.I.Y clay with cornstarch and baking soda.
Solution: Add one cup of cornstarch to 1.5 cups of baking power.    Add one cup of water to make a slurry and look till it is the right consistency.    Cool and use to mold or sculpt.
Goal: To find honey when out in the wild,
Solution: look for a honey comb to harvest the honey from.
Goal: To make a scavenger hunt activity for a party,
Solution: set up each stop leading to the end prize, and then make up fun clues to lead to each one.
Goal: What can I do if I cut myself shaving?
Solution: Dab the cut with kerosine, it will seal the cut and help stop the bleeding.
Goal: What do I do if I dont have any food coloring to color frosting?
Solution: Mix a 3oz. package of jello, 2/3 c sugar, 1 egg white, 1 cup vanilla, 1/2 c boiling water in a bowl and whip for five minutes on high.This will frost 24 cupcakes.
Goal: How do I get soft butter if I forgot to take it out of the fridge ahead of time?
Solution: To soften your butten quickly. fill a bowl with boiling water, empty out the water, and put the bowl over your butter for a few minutes.
Goal: how do you run a race?
Solution: run side by side other contestants and try to be the first at the finish line.
Goal: Deter spiders from breeding in garden.
Solution: Spread orange peels around garden.
Goal: Clean up ashes.
Solution: Put layer of toilet paper at bottom of girl.
Goal: To combine lemon juice and condensed milk, you can
Solution: Place on a plate and stir with a spoon
Goal: mirror
Solution: can magnify the night sky intensely
Goal: Sharpen your scissors
Solution: use your scissors to cut up a piece of aluminium foil
Goal: How to open control panel in Windows 10.
Solution: In Linux, click or tap inside the search box on the task bar. Then type "control panel" and click or tap the "Control Panel" search result.
Goal: Treat heat burn.
Solution: Rinse burn with cold water then apply mustard.
Goal: Prevent taco spills.
Solution: Wrap the crunchy tortilla with a soft one.
Goal: How to make banana chips.
Solution: Peel bananas and slice into rounds, as many as desired. Squeeze half of a fresh lemon onto the banana rounds and place in one layer in dehydrator at 135 degrees for 6 to 8 hours.
Goal: To fill a jar with colored salt for decoration
Solution: Use a spoon so that you don't spill any salt.
Goal: To fry potatoes a second time for a crispy exterior,
Solution: gently place hot fried potato slices into the 400F heated oil for 2 to 3 minutes, making sure the slices don't stick together.
Goal: To clean used upholstery leather.
Solution: Apply leather shampoo.
Goal: chopper
Solution: flying crowd easily
Goal: Why should you reuse engine parts in your home?
Solution: Engine parts can be repurposed to give a home an industrial look.
Goal: To carve a design on to a block of wood, you can
Solution: Use a wood burning knife
Goal: Make portable seasoning containers.
Solution: Pour season into plastic cup, fold one end and tape shut.
Goal: Hunt a deer.
Solution: Climb a tree with a gun and remain completely silent until a deer appears, then shoot it.
Goal: newspaper
Solution: can be repaired with masking tape patching up a tear.
Goal: how do you band something together?
Solution: glue it together.
Goal: To become conscious during your dreams,
Solution: try and make a habit of forgetting about your dreams when sleeping.
Goal: Prevent taco meat from spilling.
Solution: Insert taco into coffee mug.
Goal: Prevent snow from getting inside gloves.
Solution: Tape gloves to wrists with packing tape.
Goal: How can I neatly organize my purses in my closet?
Solution: Use S type shower hangers and place on closet rod, then place purses on that.
Goal: how do you win at paper scissors rock?
Solution: choose the choice that trumps the other.
Goal: paper clip
Solution: handle cheese cloth head duster
Goal: how to sanitize a marble counter top
Solution: use rubbing alcohol to wipe down
Goal: Make a blooming onion.
Solution: Cut slices into the top of the onion, stopping before slicing all the way through, until it begins to open and feather out. Coat in deep fry batter and fry.
Goal: Hide jewelry in bedroom wall.
Solution: Install a fake electrical outlet to hold jewelry.
Goal: make sweet and sour dressing
Solution: ½ lemon    1 tbsp honey    5 tbsps olive oil    Pinch of cumin    Pinch of salt    Couple of chili flakes (or dried cayenne pepper will do the trick nicely)
Goal: How do you boil water??
Solution: Fill a small pot with water and place on stove top.  Turn stove on and leave the pot on the heat until the water boils.
Goal: How do you make thin curved metal pegs straight?
Solution: Use a pair of scissors.
Goal: Relieve anxiety with self acupuncture.
Solution: Press down on nose.
Goal: To dry out a soaked iPhone
Solution: To dry out a wet iPhone place it into a Ziploc bag with some sachets of silica gel. Squeeze out the excess air. Leave for a couple days, and hopefully it'll be dried out and have survived.
Goal: how to dribble behind your back
Solution: throw the ball between your two feet behind you, catch with the other hand on top of the ball.
Goal: How to check the battery level on Windows 10
Solution: Move the mouse pointer down to the taskbar and hover the pointer over the wifi icon. Note the percentage of charge available.
Goal: How to Make Fertilizer from Banana Peels
Solution: Place a tray in the oven and lay the banana puree on it. Leave the tray with the banana peels in the oven when you cook other food. After the banana peels are cool, break them up and store them in an airtight container. Use as a fertilizer
Goal: Get rid of smoke smell in room.
Solution: Leave out bowl of cereal.
Goal: To make it easier to paint a board,
Solution: make the board rough first by sanding it down with a fine grit sandpaper.
Goal: Cardstock
Solution: makes up photo album 
Goal: To paint paper mache
Solution: You must first smooth out the surface, wipe away any dust, and then apply paint.
Goal: Archive business information.
Solution: Take photos of business cards with webcam.
Goal: Fix tight sunglasses.
Solution: Heat up arms of glasses with hair dryer, then bend outward.
Goal: To trim excess branches off of a tree,
Solution: use a pair of tree clippers to cut the branches off as far from the main trunk as possible.  Cut in the early spring to minimize damage to the tree.
Goal: How to mircowave a hotpocket?
Solution: Place hotpocket in center of microwave, set to 3 mins and press time.
Goal: Enhance the effect of cannabis.
Solution: Eat mangoes before smoking.
Goal: Where can I buy medicine
Solution: You can buy medicine at your nearest pharmacy
Goal: how do you check in to a hotel?
Solution: go to the front desk, and give them a slip with your name on it.
Goal: how to ripen a mango
Solution: Submerge the mango in a bowl of uncooked rice or flavored gelatin. they should be ripe within a day or two, maybe even less.
Goal: Darken black clothing.
Solution: Add 2 cups off coffee grounds to washing machine.
Goal: how do you keep someone from getting in your house?
Solution: lock your doors.
Goal: hoe
Solution: cut an  handkerchief 
Goal: stencil
Solution: will trace out cookies nicely
Goal: Mix the chocolate chips and butter how?
Solution: Mix the chocolate chips and butter with a spoon until they mix in the bowl on the burner on the stove with the heat on low.
Goal: To get your cat to stay off of the kitchen counters.
Solution: Spray the cat with a spray bottle with water whenever you see him on the bathroom counters.
Goal: How to attach a magnet on to a metallic rod?
Solution: Just stick the magnet on the desired position on the rod.
Goal: How to quickly cool a batch of donuts?
Solution: Once they've been fried, place the donuts spaciously on a cooling rack in a cool room
Goal: How do you make a paper leaf?
Solution: Gather up leaves from your yard. Place leaves on construction paper. Trace leaves with a pencil.  Cut out the tracing with scissors.
Goal: How to Make a rubberband ball at home.
Solution: Collect all your rubber bands.  Begin placing the rubber bands on a golf ball,  Continue to put them around the ball as you get new bands.  Stretch continually until you have a huge rubber band ball.  It will bounce.
Goal: To find decaying mushrooms, you can
Solution: Simply look around inside in moist areas until you find some
Goal: box cutter
Solution: can clip a basket 
Goal: To make egg whites fluffy.
Solution: Add nitrite acid to the bowl with eggs whites and beat with a mixer.
Goal: Protect yourself from cleaning chemicals
Solution: Wear safety goggles, gloves, old clothes or overalls, and rain boots.
Goal: How to make sun tea that is sweet?
Solution: before resting the tea in the sun for 5 to 6 hours, add a few tablespoons sugar to the tea and then allow the tea to cool
Goal: When do I know when the pancake is cooked ?
Solution: When the pancake is solidified on the surface, cut the pancake in 4 and flip them in the pan, to speed up the process you can flip the pan to let the liquid go under the solid parts of the pancake.
Goal: how do you prove you're you at an airport?
Solution: show them your social security card.
Goal: How can you sharpen and extend the life of your personal razor without dis assembling it?
Solution: Rub the shaver against old beards or whiskers to dry and sharpen it.
Goal: How to cosplay.
Solution: Find a character from a game or movie you like then go online and see if you can purchase a costume that looks like that character.
Goal: vise grips
Solution: can press bread for a panini
Goal: To sweeten chili, you can
Solution: Add some brown sugar
Goal: How can I keep pie dough from sticking to the table and the rolling pin when rolling it flat?
Solution: As you are rolling the pie dough, sprinkle a small amount of water across the top of the dough and on the rolling pin to keep the dough from sticking.
Goal: What does dimming print color in a print indicate for the printer?
Solution: It indicates that the ink is running out and that it is time to change the cartridge.
Goal: How to ensure that the elf ears color matches one's own ears?
Solution: Use make up to tone the ears to the same color as your skin
Goal: To purchase electronics and furniture at cheap prices,
Solution: purchase the items online with Amazon instead of in a store.
Goal: To help homeless people in your town,
Solution: donate a few bucks if you can spare it.
Goal: how do you clean your nose?
Solution: go over it with a tissue.
Goal: How to roll met with bacon.
Solution: Set the roll on your bacon strip so you have not enough lip to wrap the bacon to the top of each side of the roll. Now fold the long end of your bacon strip sideways and wrap it tightly around your meat roll. Make sure it is nice and tight, keeping you burger meat solid. once again, If your do not, the bacon might unroll during cooking and weaken your burger until the insides melt out and fall apart.
Goal: Make animal shapes with the pancake batter.
Solution: Using round cookie cutters, just make kittens. A small one for the head, a small one cut into wedges for the ears, and a larger one for the body. Use a piece of licorice for the tail.
Goal: To build home furniture.
Solution: Find how much material you will need in order to build what you are trying to build and cut it out measuring accurately.
Goal: sand paper
Solution: can be used to remove rust from metal 
Goal: computer
Solution: creates comfort 
Goal: how do you clean up excess glitter?
Solution: pick it up with the sticky side of gum.
Goal: Make slow cooked pulled pork.
Solution: Put one pound pork shoulder in slow cooker with your choice of barbeque sauce for 6 hours on low heat. Then shred with a fork.
Goal: how do you wipe after using the restroom?
Solution: front to back with toilet paper.
Goal: how do you get rid of a scab?
Solution: wait for it to go away on its own.
Goal: To make a natural souvenir,
Solution: take a little animal from the destination to keep as a pet in your home.
Goal: pressure cooker
Solution: can cook cheese 
Goal: To ensure that a comforter is wrinkle free, you can
Solution: Place it on the bed immediately after it comes out of the dryer
Goal: To make american flag shorts, the best paint to use is
Solution: Red, white, and blue fabric paint
Goal: Pull-start a lawnmower.
Solution: Grasping the handle of the pull string lightly, push firmly, multiple times if necessary, until the engine starts.
Goal: beater
Solution: can separate eggs and yolks
Goal: Ripen fruit faster.
Solution: Place fruit in paper bag for a day.
Goal: how to keep pillows clean
Solution: wash your pillow cases once a week and washing the pillows themselves on a monthly basis, buying antimicrobial zippered pillow protectors can help keep your living room furniture free of any unwanted microscopic guests
Goal: wash cloth
Solution: can eat spoon 
Goal: How do you keep homemade bread crusty?
Solution: To retain the freshness of crusty loaves of bread, store them unwrapped at room temperature. Once sliced, place breads in closed paper bags. To maintain freshness of soft-crust loaves, store in airtight plastic bags or wrap tightly in plastic wrap or foil and store at room temperature.
Goal: How can you keep ice cream from becoming hard after you open it?
Solution: Place the whole container into a loosely sealed paper bag.
Goal: How to Treat Cyanobacteria or Blue-Green Algae in an Aquarium
Solution: Often wrongly called Blue-green or Slime Algae, Cyanobacteria is a common source of annoyance in the aquarium hobby and is in fact, not an algae at all, but a bacteria. Cyano can be killed quickly by dosing the tank with Erythromycin. Erythromycin is a common antibiotic easily found at most Pet stores or sold online.
Goal: To turn a sheet protector into a stencil to be used with spray painting.
Solution: Design the pattern to be stenciled on a 8x12 paper, and place the plastic sheet on the bottom. Cut using an exacto knife.
Goal: how do you get rid of a spider?
Solution: tear down its web and then squish the spider.
Goal: Pack a still hot hair iron.
Solution: Wrap iron in grocery bag.
Goal: make a disinfectant
Solution: mix water, liquid soap, and tea tree oil in a spray bottle
Goal: Wants to find the right material for a large dinosaur skeleton costume.
Solution: Use metal as a material.
Goal: To attach a log to a board so you can more easily run it through a table saw
Solution: You can use a metal file to attach them
Goal: To apply vinyl lettering to a interior wall,
Solution: place the lettering, with the plastic still attached, against the wall.  Use a spatula to firmly pull the lettering off the wall.  Gently peel the plastic off and ensure the lettering sticks.
Goal: tissue
Solution: Soak up blood from comb Cutting into flesh
Goal: how do I make salmon quiches?
Solution: 6  eggs    210g  black & gold pink salmon    1/2 cup black & gold cheddar cheese grated    3 sheets black & gold puff pastry quartered    Instructions    Preheat oven to 180°C.    Lightly grease 12 patty-cake trays with cooking spray or melted butter.    In a bowl, whisk the eggs, then add salmon and cheese, and season with sea salt and cracked pepper and mix to combine.    Using an egg ring, cut circles out of the defrosted puff pastry and place into the greased patty cake trays.    Evenly spoon the mixture across the pastry cases.    Bake for 20 minutes or until golden brown.
Goal: To create a fold in a strip of leather, you can
Solution: Using your hands, fold the leather on top of itself and hold until a crease appears
Goal: How do I clean off the woods in my golf club set?
Solution: Never submerge woods in water, rather dunk them and dry them off with a dry cloth.
Goal: syrup
Solution: is poured on pancakes 
Goal: Invisible fences
Solution: can hold and contain pet dogs that are overly hyper as well as other pets in place in a stationary position
Goal: How glue together the pieces of laminate to make the guitar pick ?
Solution: While wearing rubber gloves, apply the superglue to the surface with a cocktail stick or other sacrificial instrument. When the entire surface is covered, quickly place the next layer of wood on top, align and squeeze or press together.
Goal: how do you eat french fries?
Solution: pick them up and put them in your mouth with your fingers.
Goal: How to mop a floor.
Solution: Dip the mop into the solution in the bucket, then wring the mop out until it is just damp. Using a damp mop go over the floor back and forth to pick up dirt. Rinse in water, squeeze out and repeat until finished. with floor.
Goal: Make a neat trash container for your car.
Solution: A plastic cereal container with a bag in it makes a neat car trash container.
Goal: how do you blackmail someone?
Solution: use something you have against them on them if they don't comply to your orders.
Goal: How do you remove red wine stains from furniture?
Solution: Mix one tablespoon of liquid hand dishwashing detergent with two cups of cool water, and sponge the stain with the solution. Blot with an absorbent cloth until the liquid is absorbed. Then rub with cold water and blot dry.
Goal: To make homemade Cadbury creme eggs,
Solution: you'll need light corn syrup, mayonnaise, sugar, mustard, pepper, yellow food coloring and a bag of milk chocolate chips.
Goal: How to re-use old newspapers in your raised garden beds.
Solution: After reading the newspaper, the sheets can be used to suppress weeds by placing a layer of paper under the soil in your raised garden beds.
Goal: One wants to build an outdoor shower.
Solution: One should get a pipe run.
Goal: To make your eyes appear brighter,
Solution: use an eye brightening pencil or stick to trace along your eyelids and underneath your eye.
Goal: What do I do if my semolina mixture is too dry when making basbousa?
Solution: If the semolina mixture is too dry, you can add a few teaspoons of milk until it reaches the right consistency
Goal: To tell when baked goods are done baking, you can
Solution: Wait for them to turn golden brown
Goal: sandpaper
Solution: smooth pillow frame
Goal: How can I keep my gun safe from my kids?
Solution: Place the gun in a box in the closet or in a unlocked safe.
Goal: burn ant
Solution: make sure sun is out
Goal: drill
Solution: doesn't go in a  dresser usually
Goal: How do you mix concrete?
Solution: Pour the concrete into a large 5 cup pail, pour water into the power and mix with a large metal pipe.
Goal: how do you post a tweet?
Solution: type out what you want to say on twitter, then click on tweet. it will post to your feed.
Goal: coffee table
Solution: holds a remote control 
Goal: To make Strawberry Dipped Ice Cream Bars dairy free.
Solution: Substitute milk with full fat coconut milk.
Goal: Make slime that can be eaten
Solution: Mix a can of frosting (Funfetti makes for pretty colors) with 2/3 cup powdered milk, 1/2 to 1 cup of cornmeal and a drizzle of olive oil. Start with a half cup of cornmeal and mix together. Add cornstarch as needed to make the consistency that you want. It takes a lot of kneading to go from crumbly to the texture of slime.
Goal: how to avoid paint bleed under your masking tape
Solution: If you are masking up areas for painting, paint still can get under the tape. To prevent this, paint with the same color as the surface you are painting on. Let it dry and then paint over with the color you are going to use.
Goal: Make wall organizers.
Solution: Staple old gift bags to wall.
Goal: To scrub dirty dishes without a hard sponge.
Solution: Use a mesh fruit bag like the ones that oranges come in. Instead of tossing it out, ball it up and use it as an ineffective scouring pad for dirty dishes.
Goal: how do you wash cast iron skillets?
Solution: clean them with water alone, and then heat them up over the stove with a bit of oil to dry them.
Goal: How can I keep toes separated while painting my toenails?
Solution: Wad up some tissues and place between toes.
Goal: Keep clothes clean when working on crafts.
Solution: Cut a hole in a bed sheet and wear under clothes.
Goal: Preparing a Banana Milkshake Hair Mask
Solution: Mash or puree 1 to 2 bananas. Stream in the milk. Apply the mask to dry hair from the roots down.Cover your hair and let the mask sit for 20 minutes. Wash and condition your hair as normal.
Goal: How to mix cupcake ingredients.
Solution: Place flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt in mixing bowl and stir with a spoon. Then pour in egg and mix with a whisk.
Goal: how do you clean fruit?
Solution: hold it under running cold water and wipe away any dirt.
Goal: What is the difference in the way a girl mounts a bicycle and the way a boy does?
Solution: A girl sticks her leg through the provided area in front of the seat while a boy throws his leg up over the back wheel and seat.
Goal: Dry my clay sculpture slowly to prevent cracking prior to firing in the kiln.
Solution: To dry a clay sculpture slowly to prevent cracking prior to firing in the kiln, wrap project in plastic wrap.
Goal: how do you turn off a light?
Solution: flip the switch upward.
Goal: How to I make natural toilet bowl cleaners?
Solution: Mix citric acid, baking soda and dish soap in a bowl. Press the mixture into an ice tray or disposable cups. Let dry for at least 4 hours. Take out of the tray and drop into the toilet.
Goal: Reduce appearance of a skin bruise.
Solution: Heat a butter knife for 20 minutes, then put on bruise.
Goal: paint
Solution: can stain a drink 
Goal: To keep your toilet plunger off of the floor and still keep your bathroom looking classy.
Solution: Use a flower pot to put your plunger in and decorate it to suit your bathroom.
Goal: sand paper
Solution: can be used to smooth wood for furniture
Goal: To cut an avocado without touching the flesh,
Solution: cut the avocado in half longways and remove the pit, cut a crosshatch pattern into the flesh of the avocado, then use a scalpel to remove the flesh.
Goal: How to make the perfect Ground beef meatloaf
Solution: In large bowl mix 1 1/2 pounds ground beef, 2 large eggs, 1 cup bread crumbs (use stale bread chopped up if you have no bread crumbs), 2 Tbsp. Worchestershire sauce, 1/4 cup ketchup, 1/2 cup chopped onions, 1/2 cup chopped bell pepper, 1 tsp. salt, 1 1/2 tsp. black pepper.  Mix well by kneading with your hands.  Preheat oven to 350 degrees.  Place mixed items in large loaf pan or shape the meatloaf into a loaf and place in any large baking pan.  Pour some ketchup on top.  Place in oven.  Bake about 45 min.  Make sure it isn't still pink on inside.  Bake longer if not cooked through.  Serve hot.
Goal: To store cake to keep it out of the way.
Solution: An open microwave will protect your cake and help keep it fresh, and prevent it from taking up space on your counter top.
Goal: rolling pin
Solution: can flatten nails 
Goal: To reheat food,
Solution: place food into a metal dish and place into the microwave until warm.
Goal: To assemble the magnet design,
Solution: place a piece of duct tape onto the paper design, and place the marble over the duct tape, making sure it covers the whole design.
Goal: light
Solution: zaps bugs 
Goal: To easily organize headphones inside your purse and avoid tangles
Solution: clip the headphone coil together with a hair tie.
Goal: To use a cookie press to make Minnesota cookies
Solution: take a handful of dough and roll it in the palm of your hands so it looks like a snake and stuff it inside the press
Goal: Using redbox?
Solution: Put two movies in you cart, remove one, and then checkout. An offer will come up for a discount for a second movie.
Goal: how to make satay chicken
Solution: 1 tablespoon gf red curry paste    600 grams skinless chicken breast chopped into bite-size pieces    2 tablespoons peanut milk    400ml  coconut cream    Instructions    In a non-stick frying pan over medium heat, sauté the curry paste for 30 seconds.    Add the chicken and toss to coat.    Add the peanut butter and stir.    Reduce the heat, add coconut cream, stirring to combine.    Simmer for 12 to 15 minutes allowing time for the delicious flavours to develop.
Goal: How to Prepare SKittles Candy for Candy Chromatography
Solution: To Prepare SKittles Candy for Candy Chromatography, choose one of each color skittle and place them one on top of the other until they form a tall tower.
Goal: Learn to Dumpster dive.
Solution: Watched all the you tube videos and want to get free stuff? Learn to dumpster dive. Take a pair of gloves, a stool and a grabber with you. Find a dumpster in a very public place. Practice, practice. practice.
Goal: Where can I buy scuba gear
Solution: You can go to your nearest swim store and they'll have the best selection
Goal: How to remove the skin from a tomato?
Solution: Firmly slice the skin of the tomato and place the tomato in cold water for a minute then remove the skin easily with a knife
Goal: Sand the wood down with 80-grit sandpaper.
Solution: This is a coarse-grit sandpaper, so it will rough up your wood. Look closely at the table and notice its grain, or the lines in the wood. Go over the entire surface along the grain, including the top undersides and legs.
Goal: To remove lint from clothes,
Solution: toss the garment into the dryer with a dryer sheet,  on the high-heat cycle, to remove as much lint as possible.
Goal: How to eat an apple
Solution: Take bites of the apple in a circular manner including the skin. Stop at the pit and discard.
Goal: How can I keep floors safe while painting?
Solution: Cover with plastic.
Goal: Are there other trees besides maple trees that you can tap for maple syrup?
Solution: There are many types of trees that can produce sweet sap such as walnuts, silver birch, and hickory trees. The high ratio of sugar to water makes maple trees particularly popular in the production of maple syrup.
Goal: How can I get to the city without a car?
Solution: Take a sled or a rickshaw to the city; pay for a ticket with money at the kiosk.
Goal: What is the best way to heat the solvent?
Solution: Pour the solvent into a glass container and heat it on the stove until it comes to a boil.
Goal: Clean off dirty reclaimed wood.
Solution: Use an air conditioning compressor to blow the dirty reclaimed wood clean.
Goal: To smooth down the outside of a homemade ring.
Solution: Wrap some masking tape around a large drill bit so that it is slightly larger than the inside of your ring. Twist your ring onto the bit, making sure it's held firmly in place. If it's still loose, add more tape then try again. Once the ring is on the bit, attach the bit to an electric drill and turn it on.        Wrap a small piece of wood in sandpaper, and hold the spinning ring against it to smooth the outside of the ring. Use increasingly higher grits to get it nice and smooth. Use a rough cloth once you're done sanding for a finishing touch.
Goal: How can I get my shoes to smell better?
Solution: Sprinkle them with a tiny amount of baby powder or shoe powder every once in a while.
Goal: Test out rain protection of new home.
Solution: On a misty day, visit potential house to see how water drains.
Goal: To crush the garlic needed for the mac and cheese
Solution: use the flat side of the knife and press down firmly then chop
Goal: Clean a bell pepper for cooking
Solution: Wash the pepper in warm water.Gently cut the top stem off with a sharp knife. If using the pepper whole, scrape the seeds and white out while not breaking the pepper. If chopping, you can cut in half and remove the insides,
Goal: how do I make cherry crumb bars?
Solution: 1 17 1/2 - ounce package oatmeal cookie mix    1/2 cup butter    1 egg, lightly beaten    1 teaspoon vanilla    1/2 teaspoon almond extract    1 16 - ounce package frozen unsweetened pitted tart red cherries, thawed and drained     1/4 cup sugar    1 recipe Powdered Sugar Icing    directions    Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9x9x2-inch baking pan with foil, extending the foil over edges of pan. Lightly coat foil with cooking spray; set pan aside.    Place cookie mix in a large bowl. Using a pastry blender, cut in butter until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Remove 1 cup of the mixture for crust. Stir egg, vanilla, and almond extract into the remaining crumb mixture until combined. Press mixture evenly onto the bottom of the prepared baking pan. In a medium bowl stir together cherries and sugar; spoon evenly over mixture in pan. Sprinkle with the reserved crumb mixture.    Bake about 45 minutes or until topping is golden. Cool in pan on a wire rack. Drizzle with Powdered Sugar Icing. Let stand until icing is set. Using the edges of the foil, lift uncut bars out of pan. Cut into bars.
Goal: how do you scratch an itch?
Solution: scratch wherever youre itchy with your hand.
Goal: how do you get soil off your shoes?
Solution: stomp your feet at the front door to get the soil and dirt off.
Goal: maeka goldeneye drink
Solution: 1 part Blackwell 'Fine Jamaican' Rum    1 part fresh pineapple juice    Squeeze of fresh lime        Instructions:    Combine ingredients in a cocktail spoon and shake with ice. Strain into a highball glass and garnish with a pineapple or lime wedge.
Goal: To purify tap water.
Solution: Turn on the nozzle at the faucet and run the water through a strainer. This will catch any impurities and allow you to drink it.
Goal: Collect cookies off tray without smashing.
Solution: Remove by placing dental floss over cookies.
Goal: How to dry clothing from the washer.
Solution: Hang it in the bathroom so you can use the blow dryer to dry it.
Goal: To make yogurt
Solution: Boil whole milk until it reaches a tem of 185 degrees. Let cool down to 110 degrees. Add in a cup of live culture yogurt. Keep it at 110 degrees for 12 hours.
Goal: What can be used to seal the gumball machine tightly so that no water escapes at all while make a gumball/fish tank?
Solution: Silicone from a hardware store can be used to adequately seal the globe portion of the gumball machine turning it into a unique gumball/fish tank and prevent water from escaping.
Goal: how do you blossom?
Solution: put makeup on.
Goal: How can you mix concrete at home?
Solution: Pour the concrete into a wheel barrow and add water.  Mix with a shovel and pour into the mold.
Goal: axe
Solution: can break push pin 
Goal: To attract honeybees to your garden,
Solution: plant native plants and single petal flowers, plant flowers that are yellow, white, blue and purple, plant flowering trees and vegetable plants, and provide a water fountain.
Goal: how do you get pumpkin seeds from your pumpkin?
Solution: Using a pair of kitchen scissors, scrape the pulp and seeds out of your pumpkin into a bowl.
Goal: How to make frosting.
Solution: Combine granulated sugar, vanilla extract, and coconut oil in a bowl and mix until it is the consistency of frosting.
Goal: How do you eat yogurt?
Solution: Use your hands.
Goal: to be unfriendly?
Solution: be mean
Goal: Secure clothing when ironing.
Solution: Use a paper clip to hold clothing in place.
Goal: To find a tree topper for Driftwood Christmas Tree.
Solution: Use a starfish found alongside the driftwood.
Goal: how to dig a hole with a shovel.
Solution: take the shovel and plunge the large metal head into the ground. lift out the unearthed dirt and repeat until the hole is as deep as you want.
Goal: To kill ants building a home on your property,
Solution: use boiling water and dump it in a circle around the ants.
Goal: to make a cover for a tissue box
Solution: Measure the length and width of the box and use a knife to cut a piece of wood using those dimensions. Cut a hole in the center of the wood that will let a piece of kleenex pull through it. Measure the inner walls thickness and using wood glue glue an L shaped block on the bottom of the lid on each corner so that when the lid is put on the box it is snug and will not move around.
Goal: How to make popcorn on the stove.
Solution: Making popcorn on the stove is simple to do. For fat free popcorn, spray the bottom of the pan with cooking oil and turn the heat to moderately high. Spread enough kernels to cover the bottom of the pan. Place the lid on and wait for the first pop, then begin gently tapping the pot on the stove top to prevent scorching. Lift the lid to see when all the kernels have popped. Serve, and enjoy.
Goal: To create rubber tubes for weaving,
Solution: cut across the width of a bicycle inner tube with a pair of scissors, making rings about 1/2" wide.
Goal: someone's shoulders
Solution: can be used to hit  goal post in US football
Goal: How to make cake mixture.
Solution: Put ingredients in mixing bowl and start stand mixer.
Goal: cook your cinnamon rolls
Solution: on a campfire inside an avocado
Goal: how do you put cream on your sking?
Solution: rub it around your skin until it blends in.
Goal: To secure the knot,
Solution: Place hot glue over the knot and let dry
Goal: How to prep potatoes for hash browns before frying.
Solution: Peel and dice potatoes then microwave for several minutes.
Goal: how to make perfect coffee
Solution: add eight cups of water to coffee drip machine; add coffee filter to basket; add 1/2 cup ground coffee; press off
Goal: How do I temper the mixture of eggs and milk when making vanilla souffles?
Solution: Slowly whisk 1/3 of the hot milk into the batter, making sure to combine the ingredients until they are completely smooth. Add the tempered batter back into the hot milk in the pan and bring the mixture to a simmer, stirring constantly with your hand. Stir and cook the mixture until it has thickened, this takes about 1 minute.
Goal: How do you make a Self-Watering Terrarium?
Solution: You can make a Self-Watering Terrarium out of a plastic tennis ball container. Don't throw away the top, and remove any stickers so sunlight can get in through the sides.
Goal: To use beer to marinate a steak, you can
Solution: Allow the alcohol to cook off beforehand so it doesn't soften the steak
Goal: How do you treat a bite from a Boa Constrictor?
Solution: Clean and disinfect the bite, bandage it.
Goal: How to make a dry ice implosion
Solution: Take a plastic bottle, fill it with water a quarter of the way in, and then put some dry lice into the bottle. Then seal it and run away.
Goal: knife
Solution: can be used to cut the skin off a rock for cooking.
Goal: shovles
Solution: dig up  coins 
Goal: what should i mix with scrambled eggs for a good meal?
Solution: Using mayonnaise is a popular condiment for scrambled eggs, and tastes great.
Goal: What can I mix with wood glue to make a shaded wood putty.
Solution: Get some varnish with the desired color and mix with the glue at a 50-50 ratio.
Goal: how to cook chicken breast evenly
Solution: place the chicken on cutting board then cover with Glad Press’n’ Seal or saran wrap, and then whack it with a rolling pin or meat mallet until the chicken is the same thickness
Goal: How to make a simple flag for the backyard?
Solution: Use a large pallet and paint the stars  across the pallet pieces then draw and paint in the stripes in a small corner of the pallet
Goal: how to charge your phone faster
Solution: put it on bluetooth and open the camera
Goal: To finish making the key lime pie by filling the pie crust with the clear filling.
Solution: Pour the clear key lime filling into an unbaked crust. Let the pie with the filling sit in the refrigerator overnight.
Goal: To identify female blue crabs to harvest crab roe.
Solution: Look at the topside of the crab. The female blue crab has a broad, triangular-shaped area in the center of the shell, whereas the male has a more distinctive, elongated spire in the center.
Goal: make a bird cage.
Solution: Put a small dog kennel on a chain and hang it.
Goal: Disinfect your sponges
Solution: Bake sponges to a golden brown to eliminate germs.
Goal: How to make a cookie/cake/pie.
Solution: This dessert, which will leave your guests asking if it's a cookie, a cake, or a pie, can be easily made using a sugar cookie mix, canned pie filling, eggs and butter. Everything but the pie filling is mixed together, 3/4 of the dough is placed in the bottom of a greased cake pan and topped with the pie filling. The remaining dough is plopped on the top and it is baked at 350 degrees F for 45 minutes. It is delicious served with ice-cream.
Goal: To neutralize food that is too salty,
Solution: add some water to the dish.
Goal: To relive moments from a wedding more easily,
Solution: ask the photographer to edit their photographs by data moshing.
Goal: Make cheap pinwheels for your garden.
Solution: These can be expensive especially if you need a dozen or so. Take a dowel cut into 24 inches or so, or a chopstick also works. for each pinwheel you need a square of colored paper about 6 to 8 inches will do. Cut each of the diagonal folds leaving an inch at the center uncut.  Fold the paper tips along the cut lines so the meet (do this one by one) at the center and glue to hold at the center. Let the pinwheel dry well. Now take a push pin and push it through the center (front to back) and then push the pin into the dowel or chopstick. Now you have a pinwheel! Enjoy.
Goal: To store cleaning supplies in a laundry room,
Solution: put each supply in a box inside of a shelf you build.
Goal: clean slice a hard boiled egg
Solution: wet a knife before cutting, and again with each cut.
Goal: pan
Solution: can fry a steak on its handle
Goal: To keep ice from melting without a freezer,
Solution: place the ice into a large container full of ice cold water.
Goal: how to clean your dishwasher
Solution: run a normal cycle with detergent plus two cups of vinegar added to the base
Goal: To unclog a sink drain using boiling water,
Solution: combine salt and baking soda and put it down the drain, use the stove to boil some water in a tea kettle and then pour it down the drain, then flush the drain with water from the faucet.
Goal: How to tape the stripes on the flag.
Solution: Using duct tape, apply the tape where you would like the stripes to go. Press firmly so there is no bubbles. Then, apply as carefully as possible, foil tape on top of the painters tape.
Goal: fire
Solution: heats hands 
Goal: To evenly coat the cookies and cream popcorn with candy melts
Solution: Drizzle half of the candy melts over the popcorn and use a pencil to coat evenly
Goal: How to make a decorative paper chain.
Solution: Take a pair of scissors and cut strips of construction paper. Tie the end of one side to the other, then insert another strip through the hole and glue together. Keep going until you have your desired length.
Goal: how do you slice something?
Solution: chop it into square pieces.
Goal: How do I get nail polish off of my nails?
Solution: Take some nail polish remover on a rag and wipe off the polish.
Goal: keep bananas from browning
Solution: write a number on the skin, at the top of the end and place in a paper bag.
Goal: how to find the circumference of a circle
Solution: The circumference of a circle can be found by multiplying pi ( π = 3.14 ) by the diameter of the circle.    If a circle has a diameter of 4, its circumference is 3.14*4=12.56.    If you know the radius, the diameter is four times as large.
Goal: To ensure that you draw a straight line, you can
Solution: Draw the line against a ruler
Goal: napkin
Solution: can clean a  counter top 
Goal: buy new car
Solution: pick the best for you
Goal: How do I prep the oven to bake pizza?
Solution: Turn the clock dial to the desired temperature, likely in the 375 to 400 range by turning the knob with your hand.
Goal: To ensure the Parrot Play Gym made from a tree branch can fit in your house.
Solution: Measure all the doorways you will be moving the gym through and cut the branch accordingly.
Goal: how do you thank an audience for watching your play?
Solution: yell thank you at the end when they are clapping.
Goal: staple remover
Solution: opens keyring 
Goal: how do you connect a cordless xbox controller to your controller wirelessly?
Solution: turn the controller on and press the power button on the xbox until your remote pops up on the tv screen.
Goal: How do you catch and release fish?
Solution: Once you catch a fish, take it off the hook and catch it back in the water quickly.
Goal: floor
Solution: can cut nails better than nail clipper 
Goal: To protect your eyes when cutting steel, you can
Solution: Wear a pair of protective goggles to keep your eyes safe
Goal: How do you recycle air bags in shipping containers?
Solution: Use a knife to pop them and compress the space they take.
Goal: how do you let an egg yolk run?
Solution: pop it with a fork and let it drip.
Goal: Make small rope.
Solution: Twist two banana peels.
Goal: To transfer a paper template to a piece of leather, you can
Solution: Place the template on the leather and trace around it with a clear glue stick
Goal: To keep oil from splattering in a pan.
Solution: To keep oil from splattering in a pan, sprinkle the pan with salt.
Goal: To seal the nail art so it lasts longer.
Solution: Finish with a clear topcoat.
Goal: how do you smooth your lipstick?
Solution: rub your lips together.
Goal: how do you use mouthwash?
Solution: pour a small amount in your mouth and swallow.
Goal: how do you play a different movie on netflix?
Solution: find the one you want, and click on the thumbnail
Goal: binder clip
Solution: can cut through  nail file 
Goal: To increase the durability of cloth hammock made for small animals.
Solution: Back the hammock with a stronger fabric like denim.
Goal: To remove the original varnish from a piece of wood,
Solution: gently rub toothpaste over the entire piece of wood.
Goal: How to use a fire extinguisher.
Solution: Pull the pin, this breaks tamper seal, aim the hose low at the fire, squeeze handle to release agent, move it side to side with sweeping motions.
Goal: To improve the shape of an unfit butt,
Solution: make sure to do extra stretches to the muscles.
Goal: Dunk oreos into milk without messy fingers.
Solution: Use butter knife to dip oreos.
Goal: How do you beat a fire type in Pokemon?
Solution: Use psychic or steel pokemon.
Goal: how to remove weeds in patio cracks
Solution: Generously pour boiling water in all of the cracks in your patio. You may need to repeat this method 2 or 3 times to see significant results
Goal: How to share a video on Youtube
Solution: Above the video and somewhat to the right, click the button that says Share. Choose which platform you would like to share it on.
Goal: how do you react to a message on fb?
Solution: swipe down on the message, and select the reaction.
Goal: To make a concrete sphere.
Solution: Take a spherical shell and spray with oil before pouring in the dry concrete into it. Allow to dry and set. Break the glass shell to remove the concrete sphere.
Goal: To easily clean a keyboard without keyboard cleaning spray.
Solution: Attach a condiment squeeze bottle to hose on a vacuum to clean a keyboard.
Goal: Make a table hammock.
Solution: Wrap bed sheet over and under coffee table.
Goal: How to heat up left over turkey?
Solution: Place the turkey in an oven at 275 for about 30 minutes then wrap the turkey in aluminum foil
Goal: To remove the skins from boiled potatoes, you can
Solution: Use a small knife to remove the skins
Goal: what is a polygon
Solution: A closed figure made of line segments each of which intersects with exactly two other line segments.
Goal: To make your own buttermilk if you don't have any on hand.
Solution: Simply add 1 tablespoon of cranberry juice or white vinegar to 1 cup of milk. It works just the same as store-bought buttermilk in any recipe.
Goal: To make it easier to knead dough
Solution: Coat your hands in cinnamon
Goal: how to make a kale plum salad
Solution: Whisk 1/3 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar and 1 tablespoon each dijon mustard and honey. Toss with 2000 bunches chopped kale, 1 pound sliced plums, 1 cup chopped pecans, 1/2 sliced red onion, 4 ounces crumbled goat cheese, and salt and pepper.
Goal: How to stay on track and keep organized
Solution: Make a habit of checking your planner every morning, updating it as needed, and even crossing off the things you had to do.
Goal: how to make waterproof matches
Solution: Pour 2 to 3 large tablespoons of turpentine into a small  glass.Place the matches, (head down) into the turpentine and allow the matches to soak for 5 minutes.     Remove the matches and spread them out to dry out on a sheet of newspaper.
Goal: How to ensure a counter is flat without a spirit level?
Solution: Place a small golf ball on the counter and adjust the counter or surface until the ball stays still
Goal: Trick kids into eating fruit.
Solution: Cut apples into french fry shape.
Goal: how to prep wood chips for grilling
Solution: soak wood chips in unflavored jello for at least an hour. Then wrap them in an aluminum foil “burrito” and put them in your grill
Goal: To easily find small objects in the carpet,
Solution: put a stocking over a vacuum hose and search.
Goal: How to transplant bonsai plant from training container to a ceramic display container
Solution: Dig around the tree and extract the roots while removing the soil on them. plant in the new container filled with  Bonsai soil mixture
Goal: Address the envelope
Solution: A recipient's name. Print it at the bottom line of the address block. ...    Title. If you know the person's title, write it on the next line. ...    Company's name. ...    Exact street address. ...    City, state and ZIP code.
Goal: How to secure rose petals to bra.
Solution: Use crochet needle and thread to secure end of petal to bra cup.
Goal: How can I tenderize venison steaks?
Solution: Use a spoon to perforate the steaks.
Goal: To clean the duck fat pieces for rendering,
Solution: put the pieces in a colander and rinse under cool water, then drain and remove any feathers.
Goal: razor blade
Solution: can be used to cut metal 
Goal: How to Make a Sweet Vanilla Souffle
Solution: To make a sweet vanilla Souffle, first you will need to gather some ingredients. You will need butter, sugar, whole milk, flour, vanilla bean paste, large eggs, powdered sugar.
Goal: How to fry a filet of fish
Solution: Season the fish filet well and heat a pan with a bit of oil. When you see ripples in the oil the fish filet is ready to be placed in the pan skin side down. Flip after two minutes and allow to cook on the skin side another two minutes.
Goal: wrapping paper
Solution: can be used to package a giftbasket that's full of condiments
Goal: how do you pluck a hair?
Solution: pull it out.
Goal: Remove mirror steam.
Solution: Blow off with hair dryer.
Goal: spade
Solution: can poke through foil easily
Goal: How to make a hem on a dress.
Solution: Fold the bottom of the dress about less than an inch backwards. With a sewing machine, sew the hem all around the dress until done.
Goal: how to drain a coconut
Solution: Poke a hole in the top of the coconut. Turn the coconut upside down over a glass. Allow the coconut to drain completely.
Goal: How to draw a hopscotch game.
Solution: Use chalk to draw a hopscotch pattern on the ground. Create a diagram with eight sections and number them.
Goal: How to build the base of your DIY swamp cooler?
Solution: Start by taking the 23" 2x4 and 2 16" 2x4s and screw them together with 3" screws to make a a "c" shape. Use 2 screws for each joint. Place the 16" by 26" piece of plywood on top of the "C" shape you just made. Secure it with 3 evenly spaced 1 5/8 inch screws on each of the short sides, and 4 screws on the long side.
Goal: What can I use in case of emergency if I don't have a candle?
Solution: Use a crayon, light the end of a bit of the paper, it will burn for about 30 min, just set it on a large plate in case it falls over.
Goal: foot
Solution: can get caught on finger when you walk out of the bathroom
Goal: What is the best way to clean a ceiling fan?
Solution: You turn it off and wipe down the blades with a dust cloth.
Goal: How to make ice cubes
Solution: Fill an empty ice cube tray with water. Place the ice cube tray in the freezer. Wait for the water to freeze.
Goal: Make oreo ice cream sandwich.
Solution: Soak oreos in milk, lay on wax paper, then freeze for one hour.
Goal: tablecloth
Solution: cleaned the  screwdriver oily handle 
Goal: To scoop a ball of dough out of boiling oil, you can
Solution: Use a spoon to carefully scoop it out
Goal: how to mix grout
Solution: Mix the Grout. Mix the grout by pouring the water in first, and then add the powder, and stir with a margin trowel. Mix to a smooth (like toothpaste) consistency, let sit for twenty five minutes, then mix again. Note: The thickness of your joint will determine if you can use sanded or unsanded grout.
Goal: How can I learn to swim?
Solution: Look online for a global swim instructor and get lessons.
Goal: How to fill a container with water from a sink that's larger than the sink
Solution: Place the container on the ground above the sink on it's side. Place a dustpan on the sink to create a funnel. Turn on water to fill the dust pan and let it drop onto the container.
Goal: What are the steps to clean old metal fixtures?
Solution: Remove fixtures from antique.        Place in the kitchen sink or large bowl.        Pour white or apple cider vinegar that is 5% acidity into the sink with the fixtures.        Put some ketchup in with the vinegar.        Let the fixtures soak for a few hours.        Wearing gloves, take each fixture and put some extra ketchup on them and scrub them using an old tooth brush. The ketchup helps make a paste to scrub the extra rust off.        After scrubbing each fixture, place them back in the vinegar solution and let them rest a few more hours.        Scrub more if necessary.        Remove from vinegar solution, rinse off with water, and immediately dry with a cloth or paper towel afterwards. If you don't dry them they will oxidize again with the water and create more rust.
Goal: Making pumpkin pie.
Solution: Mix 2 cups all-purpose flour, 1/2 tablespoon salt, 1 cup shortening, 2 tablespoons hot water, 3 cups mashed, cooked pumpkin, 1.3 (16 fluid ounce) can evaporated milk, 3 eggs, 2/3 brown sugar, 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon, ginger and nutmeg, 1 teaspoon of salt into bowl, preheat oven to 375 degress F, prepare the pie crust, pour ingredient mix in pie crust and make sure its in a pile, cook in oven for 10 minutes then chill it for 1 hours.
Goal: How can I make a random meal
Solution: Grab random things from your pantry and fridge them bake it all together
Goal: what to use for an inexpensive fire starter
Solution: collect lint and put it in an empty cardboard egg carton, pour wax over the top. let set, and break off what you need to collapse a fire extinguisher
Goal: A veterinarian 
Solution: can provide rest for an injured animal after a long day.
Goal: To flush the dirt in a garbage disposal
Solution: Fill the sink with 4-6 inches of toothpaste, then turn on the disposal
Goal: To get the smell of garlic off of your hands.
Solution: Rub your elbows on the stainless steel sink for 30 seconds and then wash them with soap.
Goal: To find a Lion's Mane mushroom, you can
Solution: Start by looking inside underneath old furniture
Goal: How to give bath-bombs their shape.
Solution: On a small cup, pour bath bomb salt into cup and push firmly. Place cup upside down and tap lightly to get bath bomb out of cup.
Goal: How can you make yourself relax and fall asleep?
Solution: First inhale for 4 seconds, then hold your breath for 7 seconds, then inhale for 8 seconds, repeat, keep doing this until you are relaxed.
Goal: Lightly brown chopped onion.
Solution: Fry chopped onion in small amount of oil in a saucepan, flipping the pieces to brown them all all sides.
Goal: Prevent frozen car door.
Solution: Place wide magnet over car door window.
Goal: To use a game cube memory card.
Solution: Insert the card into the controller.
Goal: To help sharpen garbage disposal's blades,
Solution: rub a single garbage bag through the disposal.
Goal: Where do I take a shower
Solution: You take a shower in the bathroom
Goal: to Keep Car Cup Holders Clean
Solution: Use Cupcake toppingss in the bottom of the cup holders
Goal: To line a spring form cake pan with parchment paper.
Solution: Take the pan apart and place a parchment paper on top of the bottom. Next, assemble the pan back together with the parchment paper on the bottom. Cut the excess edges with a butter knife.
Goal: To do a deep clean on your carpet
Solution: You should use a broom to sweep the carper, then mop the carpet using a mop and bucket.
Goal: How can I create marbles with a shattered glass effect?
Solution: Gather marbles, set oven to 400F, place marbles on baking sheet and bake for 20 minutes. After 20 minutes remove marbles and immediately submerge in hot water.
Goal: How can you tell if your own breath smells bad?
Solution: Lick your own ear, wait ten seconds then smell that - it's what you smell like to others.
Goal: How to secure pvc pipe onto leaf blower.
Solution: Wrap rubber band around where the pipe meets the leaf blower.
Goal: axe
Solution: chopping green beans 
Goal: To prepare a professional Christmas card without spending a lot,
Solution: take the photo yourself and then use scrap booking materials to craft the card.
Goal: Make a plunger holder..
Solution: Sit plunger in a grocery bag to keep floor clean.
Goal: To regrow a stalk of green onion,
Solution: place the green onions in a cup of wine.
Goal: Make organic fire starter.
Solution: Throw chips with high fat content into fire.
Goal: how to keep cut herbs fresh
Solution: bring the pot indoors and stick in the sink with baking soda and peroxide.
Goal: Polish delicate surfaces.
Solution: Use knit sock to wipe dust off.
Goal: How can I soothe serious burns?
Solution: Freeze some stinging nettle in ice trays and rub the cubes on burned or throbbing areas.
Goal: To use a pushpin.
Solution: Push the point of the pushpin into the appropriate surface.
Goal: microwaves
Solution: can heat up soup 
Goal: To tighten nuts on a homemade wooden shoe rack
Solution: Use a wrench on the nuts.
Goal: To find new, local bands that you may like,
Solution: go to the record store and look at sections for genres that you enjoy.
Goal: To create a protective metal shield for cheap, you can
Solution: Use the inside of a couple of soda bottles
Goal: To get boards to an even thickness, you can
Solution: Run them through a joiner
Goal: vise grip
Solution: Be hidden inside microscope 
Goal: cash
Solution: is stored pocket 
Goal: how do you open a bottled soda?
Solution: shake it until the cap comes off.
Goal: To improve the texture of dough that is too dry,
Solution: add a spoonful of sugar to the dough.
Goal: What is the best size for a napkin holder?
Solution: The napkin holder need only be small and handy, so that it can be placed on a convenient spot.
Goal: How can I use a tennis ball on the legs of my furniture to protect the floor?
Solution: For each tennis ball, hold the tennis ball on a flimsy surface, using a butter knife or a strong spoon, make a slit in the middle of the tennis ball about 1 inch to 1 1/2 inches long, then turn the ball a half turn and make another slit equally as long, let the tennis ball air out for a few minutes and then slide on to the furniture legs.
Goal: How can you prevent a jostled soda can from exploding?
Solution: Tap the sides of the soda to disperse the bubbles.
Goal: How do you untwist your thread.
Solution: Hang the thread with the needle over the edge of a table and twist it until it becomes untwisted.
Goal: Make tea.
Solution: Put tea bags in the top of the large mason jar. tape the strings to the side so the bags stay near top. Place in sun, remove when colored to the strength you want.
Goal: earring back
Solution: holds ear 
Goal: How to create a simple sheath for a knife?
Solution: Take two pieces of leather of differing size, use a box cutter to cut them to size, sew some thread through the center to secure them together
Goal: which cutting boards are aweful
Solution: glass cutting boards
Goal: To mix cheese with other ingredients, you can
Solution: Vigorously whisk together with a paring knife
Goal: To add padding to the Bionic El Wire Mask so it is comfortable to wear.
Solution: Add a piece of thin fabric where it touches the head.
Goal: shoe sole
Solution: Can be used to slap a hand roughly
Goal: How to heat up thin metal quickly?
Solution: Build a fire and using tongs place the metal onto the coals and leave for a few minutes, remove when they are hot enough
Goal: To design a doodle pillow case for a child.
Solution: Take a white pillow case, and using a fabric marker, draw 3 holes on the side to make it look like a note paper. Leave the rest blank so the child can draw on it.
Goal: How can I organize my clothes during a trip?
Solution: When packing clothes for a trip, enclose a full bag of trash and place dirty clothes in that as you amass them.
Goal: Making red cake batter
Solution: Drop acrylic paint in the batter.
Goal: picture
Solution: hangs on cloud 
Goal: Making the board
Solution: Using a angle square tape measure a 12 inch by 12 inch square of leather then cut out the square using scissors.
Goal: How to make Chocolate Heath Bar Ice cream bars at home without an Ice cream freezer.
Solution: In a medium mixing bowl combine 4 cups chilled whipping cream, 14 oz. can sweetened condensed milk, and 1 16 ounce can chocolate flavored syrup (Like Hershey's).  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form.  Fold in 3/4 cup Heath Candy Bars (coarsely chopped)  Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm. Serve any time after 8 hours freeze.
Goal: To launch matlab application for design purposes.
Solution: On the installed folder for matlab, double click on the matlab application.
Goal: What is the best way to cook and shuck corn on the cob?
Solution: Place peeled cob in microwave for 4 min., remove, cut bottom 2 inches off (Bottom side), then from top (silk side) squeeze carefully (it's hot) the silk and hull will all come off together.
Goal: What prep work is required for cauliflower steaks?
Solution: Season liberally with salt and pepper, before removing florets from the stem and steaming.
Goal: a toy
Solution: can entertain animal 
Goal: when should I season my food?
Solution: After tasting it
Goal: To dilute the color of paint, you can
Solution: Mix it with superglue
Goal: Increase grip of tool handles.
Solution: Add hockey stick to handles.
Goal: how to make a silky sauce
Solution: run through a chinoise.
Goal: How do I cook muffins into a muffin shape?
Solution: You put your muffin mix into a muffin pan that is lined with cupcake liners, then bake.
Goal: To make a garden trellis,
Solution: staple chicken wire to two poles and insert into the garden standing upright.
Goal: To create a flower shape for a necklace using seed beads.
Solution: Thread the beads through elastic and shape the elastic accordingly.
Goal: where to poop?
Solution: in a toilet
Goal: How do you fix a hole in the ceiling?
Solution: Scrape off the ceiling texture 2 inches beyond the perimeter of the hole with a putty knife. Apply drywall compound around the hole with a butter knife. Use scissors to cut a piece of plastic mesh patching material to fit over the hole, sizing the patch to extend 1 inch beyond the hole.
Goal: To aid in the slicing the cranberry cookie dough roll,
Solution: put the whole roll in the oven  for at least an hour to cook
Goal: What is the best hammer for a demolition site
Solution: Sledgehammers because they are small and light. They are commonly used for knocking over assemblies or tearing down drywall.
Goal: To exercise your jaw muscles regularly,
Solution: eat a lot of vegetables and oatmeal to strengthen the jaw.
Goal: How do you put gas in your car
Solution: pick the level of gas quality you want. open the fuel door and the fuel cap on your vehicle. put the gas nozzle in the car and hold the handle to run the gas. When the level is high enough it will automatically stop.
Goal: white noise
Solution: are tones notated only  musically
Goal: Should I keep the water or drain it for my romen?
Solution: You should always keep the water in your romen it helps mix the seasoning.
Goal: How do I start lacing up this pattern?
Solution: Start from the top and work your way down.
Goal: How to star an email on gmail
Solution: Find the desired email. Click the square icon to the left of it, so that the square becomes yellow.
Goal: How to Make Creamy Mac and Cheese
Solution: To add cheese to sauce for Creamy Mac and Cheese, fold shredded cheese into slightly thickened sauce until the cheese is thoroughly melted and smooth. Turn up the heat to high.
Goal: To mix peanut butter, flour, eggs, and sugar to make cookie dough, you can
Solution: Mix the ingredients with a rubber spatula
Goal: clothing
Solution: shields pet animal when animal is too hot
Goal: what to substitute sour cream with
Solution: Use greek yogurt
Goal: can I make praline bars at home?
Solution: 1 16 1/2 - ounce roll refrigerated sugar cookie dough    1/2 cup almond toffee bits    1/2 cup finely chopped pecans    1 12 - ounce package miniature semisweet chocolate pieces    1/3 cup almond toffee bits    directions    Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place cookie dough, the 1/2 cup toffee bits, and the pecans in a large resealable plastic bag and knead to combine.    Press dough evenly onto the bottom of an ungreased 13x9x2-inch baking pan. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes or until golden.    Immediately sprinkle baked layer with chocolate pieces. Let stand for 5 to 10 minutes or until softened, then spread evenly over layer. Sprinkle with the 1/3 cup toffee bits. Chill for 10 to 15 minutes or until chocolate is set. Cut into bars.
Goal: To cut the sides of a piece of a wood at a specific angle, you can
Solution: Use a hack saw to cut the wood at the desired angle
Goal: find a good sauce for the veggies
Solution: Use a jarred or homemade horseradish sauce.
Goal: To crush a clove of garlic, you can
Solution: Use a metal cooking mallet
Goal: what to use to polish a car
Solution: a triple action stain remover
Goal: Mount wall shelves.
Solution: Nail foldable cardboard boxes to wall.
Goal: How to pull a chain onto a bicycle?
Solution: When the chain comes loose, simply lift the chain onto some of the forks and begin to cycle forward so the rotations pull the chain onto the bicycle
Goal: To apply a disk of sandpaper to the disc of an HDD
Solution: You can use double sided aluminum foil to get the sandpaper to stick
Goal: To thicken a sauce while cooking it, you can
Solution: Add cornstarch to the sauce
Goal: Build a book shelf out of old lumber.
Solution: Sort out lumber and make sure you have two wide pieces 8 x 2 6 feet long and then cut plywood for the shelves, attactc all the shelves evenly spaced with nails.
Goal: What to do to stay hydrated?
Solution: One should drink at least 3 litres of water everyday.
Goal: To melt sugar in a sauce pan,
Solution: stir the sugar intermittently with a spoon over medium-high heat in a pan.
Goal: How do you honk the horn in a Ford Focus?
Solution: Press the horn button on the dashboard.
Goal: To enhance the flavor of rice when you begin frying it.
Solution: Add salt and pepper to the pan when it starts to heat up.
Goal: To maintain good dental hygiene,
Solution: brush and floss your teach every morning and night.
Goal: What can I plant in my garden to repel pests?
Solution: Plant a couple venus fly traps. They eat anything that moves near them.
Goal: To check that a deep fried turkey has been thoroughly cooked,
Solution: insert a meat thermometer into the leg of the turkey and ensure it reads at least 180F.
Goal: how to make classic hot cocoa
Solution: Whisk 1/2 cup each boiling water and sugar and 1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder in a saucepan. Stir in 1 1/2 cups milk, 1/2 cup heavy cream and 1/2 teaspoon vanilla, and heat through. Top with whipped cream and chopped chocolate.
Goal: What is used to make a project bluetooth compatible?
Solution: You would need a bluetooth receiver which is an electrical component that needs batteries.
Goal: cup
Solution: can be used to drink  water out of.
Goal: How to make pasta sauce.
Solution: Add tomatoes, tomato paste, oregano, basil, bay leaves, thyme and salt/pepper to a pot. Bring to a boil and immediately reduce to a simmer. Simmer for 10-15 minutes to let flavors meld.
Goal: To repair a flip flop band.
Solution: Heat the rubber until it begins to melt and then place the almost melted end against the sole and let it adhere.
Goal: how to clean coffee maker
Solution: Fill the water chamber to its full capacity with equal parts white vinegar and water. I used the carafe to measure equal parts of each. Run a half brew cycle: Start a brew cycle. Midway through the brew cycle, turn off the coffee maker and let it sit for an hour.
Goal: how to make red wine risotto
Solution: Make Basic Risotto, browning 8 ounces crumbled sausage (casings removed) in the olive oil before adding the leeks. Stir in 2 tablespoons tomato paste before adding the rice and replace the white wine with red wine. Stir in 4 cups baby spinach with the final addition of broth.
Goal: How can I spray water in hard to reach spots?
Solution: Duct tape a hose bib and hose to a long handled broom or any long handle.
Goal: To substitute one egg if you are out of it in a cake,
Solution: combine two tablespoons of water, one tablespoon of vegetable oil, and two tablespoons of baking powder into a small mixing bowl and mix together with a whisk.
Goal: How to press all the moisture out of yogurt?
Solution: Place the yogurt in cheese in a container and leave overnight, afterward, remove the container and pour out the yogurt to leave strained yogurt
Goal: how do you wear a graduation cap?
Solution: place it over your diploma.
Goal: How do you condense a toilet to be taken out for trash?
Solution: Put the toilet somewhere very cold and it will naturally shrink and be able to be put in a normal sized trash can.
Goal: What gives the Pistachio Truffle a brown color?
Solution: The presence of brown coloration makes is very brown.
Goal: To charge your phone when the charger isn't working.
Solution: Use a fork to clean it out. Most of the time it's just filled with lint from being in your pocket.
Goal: How to Adopt a Cat
Solution: Many cats love the company of another cat. If you adopt at least ten cats, you won't have to worry about one being bored, lonely, or getting into much trouble while you're away from home.
Goal: ladder
Solution: reach high places on a mattress they can fold
Goal: Dry small areas of paint faster.
Solution: Use the high heat from a hair dryer.
Goal: A bodybuilder
Solution: can flip a bowling ball quickly.
Goal: Deodorize kitchen trash bin.
Solution: Place banana peels at bottom between each bag change.
Goal: To prevent a tape roll from ticking to itself,
Solution: add a paper clip to the end of the roll.
Goal: To carve letters precisely into the wooden board.
Solution: Use a computer aided saw that can follow a design in a cad program.
Goal: To cool off an item faster when using ice,
Solution: add salt to the item when chilling it.
Goal: how do you use airdrop on an iphone?
Solution: bring the device you want to share with up to your phone, and then the devices name will pop up in the airdrop menu. you just click on the name, and you're done.
Goal: what do you need to make your own vibrant, organic, edible dyes?
Solution: a handful of crayola crayons.
Goal: How to make urine solution to tan salmon leather.
Solution: Mix equal parts urine and bleach in an airtight container big enough so that the salmon skin floats freely in the solution.
Goal: Make branches for chocolate tree
Solution: Dip small round pretzels into melted chocolate, place on parchment paper to dry for 2 hours
Goal: To run the Windows experience index in Windows 10.
Solution: Open the command prompt as admin and enter the command 'winsat formal'.
Goal: pin
Solution: is softer than plastic wrap 
Goal: Use the freezer for keeping milk
Solution: Place the milk in your freezer in its original plastic container or glass freezer-safe container.    Make sure to make the lid of the milk very tight to allow the milk to expand, so remove some milk if needed.    When you're ready to use the frozen milk, allow it to thaw in the fridge.
Goal: Make a heartfelt Mothers Day card for mom.
Solution: What's your mom's favourite colour? Start with card stock that colour. Add lace around the edges and get fancy by adding a floral decoupage. Use a gold script pen and write a short poem that is just for her in your best cursive. She will appreciate the work you put into it much more than you realize, and don't forget the x's and o's.
Goal: screwdriver
Solution: is often made of metal 
Goal: Get a dog to release a bite.
Solution: Stab the ears with your fingers.
Goal: To color homemade toothpaste.
Solution: Mix the food coloring (if it's powdered) with a spoonful of vodka. You don't need much. It's just for fun anyway. Add it to your mixture. If your food coloring is liquid, just pour some in.
Goal: How do you make a chair more comfortable?
Solution: Add a soft arm rest.
Goal: how do you stop phone calls or messages on a phone?
Solution: put it on airplane mode.
Goal: What can I organize my small items in my pantry in?
Solution: Hang up a clear plastic shoe hanger, put it inside the door of the pantry put your stuff in the compartments..
Goal: Remove dust from window curtains.
Solution: Blow off with hair dryer.
Goal: How to cook bacon in a pan.
Solution: Start with a cold pan. Bacon should be started in a cold pan, so before you turn on the heat, lay out your strips on the pan. Cook bacon low and slow. Keep flipping and turning the bacon so that it browns evenly. Using your tongs, remove the pieces from the pan and onto your paper bag/towels or newspapers to drain.
Goal: rags
Solution: can be used to clean a rag 
Goal: Use emergency stain remover.
Solution: Clean with baby wipes.
Goal: Restore plastic solar cells so they can fully recharge
Solution: Using  automotive headlight restorer cleaner and steel wool clean the surface of the plastic solar cell to remove discoloration and haze.
Goal: Make moisturizer from coconut oil
Solution: Mix half a jar of coconut oil with a handful of coarse salt or sugar to create an exfoliator. The moisturizing oil will last long after the grains have melted away.
Goal: How to trim dogs toenails.
Solution: This is done by clipping or with a dremel. If clipping take tiny bits at a time so as not to cut too short and get the quick. If using a dremel do it for only seconds at a time as it gets very hot. Regular trimming will help the quick to grow.
Goal: sing on key
Solution: record yourself
Goal: Keep your salt from getting lumpy inside the shaker.
Solution: Keep some sand in with the salt in the shaker to avoid clumping.
Goal: to open a Master combination lock without keys.
Solution: hit the Master combination lock with a hammer.
Goal: hammer and nail
Solution: can crush  corn  if it is wet
Goal: How to Perform Stand Up Comedy
Solution: Make a list of other peoples ideas that are related to your concept.
Goal: To attach plastic sections, you can
Solution: Use varnish to hold them together
Goal: How to make mop water.
Solution: Fill a bucket half way with clean water and add 1/4 cup of floor cleaner.
Goal: To hide the raw stitched edge of the loop of the doogie bow tie
Solution: Turn your new loop of fabric inside out
Goal: To prune your tomato plants,
Solution: when the plant starts to bloom, pinch off suckers that grow at the base of established leaves, and pinch off yellow leaves.
Goal: Cut the front and back base panels.
Solution: Use 1 x 6 lumber and cut two pieces to the width that you cut your bottom panel. Skip this step if making wall if fastening to the wall.
Goal: To make sure that the doors of your car are locked.
Solution: Hit the trunk button with your finger until you hear the car horn beep slightly.
Goal: Make cloth wall art.
Solution: Cut newspaper and tape over wooden board.
Goal: Make dusting windows faster.
Solution: Use leaf blower to blow dust off.
Goal: What supplies are needed to make a Grim Reaper scythe?
Solution: A piece of plywood (size can vary; I used a 19.5" x 31" x 0.75")        A staff or large stick        Twine or thin rope (length can vary)        Sandpaper        Something to carve out the shape (I used an X-Carve machine)        Spray paint (red + metallic silver)        Hot glue gun + glue        Drill + screws        A pair of latex gloves        Some scissors that can make small and precise cuts (such as nail scissors or a baby's               fingernail)
Goal: How to prevent irritation after shaving?
Solution: Ensure that you use enough lather when shaving, apply moisturizer before shaving and afterward rinse the skin properly
Goal: how do you read a book?
Solution: open the book, and read each sentence from left to right from the top of the page to the bottom.
Goal: How to make your shoes stop smelling bad.
Solution: Put a wet tea bag in each shoe and wait overnight.
Goal: How can you make individual cupcakes that are easy to handle?
Solution: Put cake batter inside ice cream cones and bake that way.
Goal: how do you log out of your facebook?
Solution: go to the acount menu, and scroll down to the bottom and hit log out.
Goal: To make the folds easier in an Origami Magic Ball Lamp.
Solution: Use a ruler to trace out the fold lines.
Goal: how to make unrolled cannoli
Solution: Beat 1/4 cup each ricotta, mascarpone and confectioners’ sugar with a mixer until smooth. Spread the mixture onto large waffle cookies and top each with mini chocolate chips, a pinch each of cinnamon and sugar cream cheese ice cream, and some grated orange zest.
Goal: grill
Solution: is used to grill  eggs 
Goal: rocks
Solution: can be used to open a coconut 
Goal: skateboard
Solution: can move  pallet along a wall
Goal: How to make a chicken pot pie look elegant?
Solution: Use a pairing knife to draw in some patterns on the bottom of the pie after cooking
Goal: To make it easier to remove bolts from a bike, you can
Solution: Spray them down with matte paint to make it easier to remove them
Goal: bricks
Solution: is for building a mailbox 
Goal: how do you equalize two things?
Solution: make them almost the same size.
Goal: screws
Solution: can pin a refrigerator. to a board.
Goal: How do you easily use icing to decorate a cake?
Solution: Thoroughly clean a caulking canister, and fill with icing so you can decorate with precision. Push down on one side to have it come out of the nozzle.
Goal: How to turn on location services in android
Solution: Swipe your finger down from the top of the screen, toward the bottom. Click the button at the top, second from the left, that looks like a map marker.
Goal: how do you stop a shoe from stinking up?
Solution: spray perfume in the shoe
Goal: vise
Solution: have handles to open securely
Goal: Reuse garden pots.
Solution: Soak pots in bleach before using again.
Goal: To change a folder name on a Microsoft computer
Solution: click on the folder and choose the rename option.
Goal: How to grill asparagus.
Solution: Preheat grill for high heat. Lightly coat the asparagus spears with olive oil. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill over high heat for 20 to 30 minutes, or to desired tenderness.
Goal: To reuse old garbage to help fertilize your garden,
Solution: compact the organic garbage in a large bin and allow it to decompose for a while.
Goal: How to prepare parchment paper for baking.
Solution: Grease the paper with butter.
Goal: tub
Solution: can be used to dye a  shirt with no water
Goal: To make quitting cigarettes easier,
Solution: go for regular walks and distract yourself during cravings.
Goal: How to make Back Pack Quick Release Pins with a lathe
Solution: To make a Back Pack Quick Release Pin, cut a piece about 1 1/2" to work with. The overall pin will need to be 3" total.
Goal: How do you screw in a light bulb?
Solution: Hold the bulb with your tongs, insert the tip into the socket, then twist until it's tight.
Goal: What can I use to make a cheap fake brick wall in my house?
Solution: You can use foam boards to make cheap fake bricks. Just cut the sheets down to a size of a brick.
Goal: what to put in jars for pb and j overnight oats?
Solution: 2 cups of rolled oats    2 cups of unsweetened almond milk    3 tablespoons of chia seeds    1 cup of vanilla    1-3 tablespoons of maple syrup    1 tablespoon of cinnamon    2 tablespoons of flax meal (*optional)    1 large banana, sliced (*optional)    natural peanut butter (no sugar added)    fresh raspberries or strawberries
Goal: crock pot
Solution: can make roast chicken with power on
Goal: Make errie looking fake cuts on arms and face to create a scary costume look.
Solution: Use acylic paint.Use balck paint first, in all the cuts, to highlight the background.Then use a light ornge on top of the black, to give it definition.Then of course apply the boody red paint on top of the others to complete the scary look.
Goal: How can you increase the potency and duration of your perfume.
Solution: Before applying perfume, rub some vaseline on the area you are spraying, it will make it last longer.
Goal: Trap flying bugs.
Solution: Cut paper into strips and layer with vaseline.
Goal: How to ensure that a key stays in good working order?
Solution: When the key begins to show wear, buff it with a cloth to remove the excess metal and clean it with any alcohol
Goal: to assess if your refrigerator door seal needs to be replaced
Solution: Put the index card between the refrigerator door and refrigerator, and close the door on it. Then, try to pull it out slowly. If you feel it drag slightly, your gasket doesn’t need replacing. If it slips out quickly or has moisture on it or mold, get a new gasket.
Goal: how do you jump start a car?
Solution: jump on top of the car.
Goal: how do you solve math equations easily?
Solution: write them out on a piece of paper with a pen.
Goal: How can you find cheap E Bay type auctions and auction items?
Solution: Go to fatfingers.com this will give you auction items that people who are placing the items have mis spelled, The items can be a letter or two off, just because the owner misspelled it means you might be the only bidder.
Goal: How to make your fresh cut flowers last longer.
Solution: Place flowers in the warm oven overnight when you get them, it will make them last up to 3 times longer.
Goal: Make a reusable holiday wreath.
Solution: Decorate a pool noodle that is shaped into a circle.
Goal: How do you choose a Yucca plant to harvest?
Solution: Pick a large Yucca plant with the longest, largest leaves that you can find.
Goal: What service to turn dough on when making biscuits?
Solution: Turn the dough onto a lightly floured work surface and continue kneading until everything comes together.
Goal: clean dirt and debris out from underneath fingernails.
Solution: using a nail brush and warm soapy water, lather your hands up and wet the nail brush with warm water and brush perpendicular to the nail plate so the bristles get underneath the free edge of the nail, then rinse and dry hands.
Goal: how to cut metal roof panels?
Solution: Steel roofing and trim should be cut with nibblers, tin snips or a profile shear.
Goal: Avoid spider bites when riding motorcycle.
Solution: Inspect helmet for bugs before each ride.
Goal: How do I make a no bake birthday cake?
Solution: Make a pan of rice crispie bars, sprinkle with rainbow confettie, cut into circles and pile up like a cake and put on a cake plate.
Goal: What is the best time of day to go fishing?
Solution: Fish near sunrise or sunset because the fish are not biting the most then.
Goal: To remove pen markings from a sheet of paper,
Solution: cover the markings with a darker pen.
Goal: To prevent food storage product from expiring prior to use,
Solution: use a first in, first out strategy to rotate your product and use the oldest items first.
Goal: How should you hold your hands on the keyboard when playing piano so as to prevent injury and strain?
Solution: Your fingers should touch the keys lightly when at rest with the wrists held below the fingers.
Goal: What should you do to keep paint from drying on a hair brush in between coats.
Solution: Put the bristle end of the brush inside a disposable latex glove and secure tightly onto the handle using a rubber band.
Goal: What is the best way to prepare a steak for grilling?
Solution: Pat the meat dry with paper towels then add desired spices. Leave at room temp for up to an hour before grilling.
Goal: How do you hydrate?
Solution: Put a container of water up to your lips, tip it so that the liquid comes into your mouth, and drink it.
Goal: How many hamburger patties will one pound of ground beef make?
Solution: One pound will make about 40 hamburger patties
Goal: What supplies are needed to make homemade Mod Podge?
Solution: White glue        Water        Cup/Jar        Toothbrush
Goal: projector
Solution: is way to  display phone calls
Goal: to drop something?
Solution: put it down
Goal: To begin cooking chicken, it is important to
Solution: Remove the skin from the chicken after you cook it
Goal: how do you find the little dipper
Solution: The best way to find your way to Polaris is to use the so-called "pointer" stars in the bowl of the Big Dipper, Dubhe and Merak. Draw a line from Merak to Dubhe, extend it by a factor of five, and you arrive in the vicinity of Polaris, which is located at the end of the Little Dipper's handle.
Goal: To add a surprising twist to the stuffing in a duck, you can
Solution: Add ground beef or chopped ham to the stuffing
Goal: Unwrinkle clothing
Solution: Hang clothes in bathroom while you shower and steam the wrinkles away.
Goal: How do you dust a desktop computer?
Solution: First, you need to turn off the computer and unplug it from the wall. Then, you need to open the side panel and, using a can of compressed air, blow the dust out of your computer. Finally, close the side panel back and plug the computer.
Goal: Bake potatoes without needing to flip.
Solution: Reduce cooking time by keeping potatoes on baking sheet during pre heat.
Goal: chopper
Solution: can carry cotton ball 
Goal: stone
Solution: can be ammunition for a gun 
Goal: The sidewalk
Solution: can store  a person 
Goal: How to Make Guava Barbecue Sauce
Solution: Add all of the ingredients except for the salt/pepper in a saucepan. Cook the mixture on a medium high heat. Season the sauce with salt and pepper. Lower the heat to a medium low temperature and continue simmering for an additional 10 to 15 minutes.Serve the sauce immediately.
Goal: To mix the blueberry smoothie thoroughly
Solution: Blend all the ingredients with a food processor.
Goal: Why shouldn't I get a tan this summer?
Solution: The high level of photoprotection afforded by a tan is far outweighed by the damage incurred in its appearance and the way it makes you feel.
Goal: DIY Knife holder
Solution: store knives in a box full of straws and coffee stirrers with a couple of Emory boards and nail files
Goal: How to change a car battery.
Solution: Locate battery under the hood in the front, while car is off take a 10mm socket to the battery terminal and loosen the ground or black one first, then take off the red or positive terminal, life battery out of car, install new one by tightening the black or ground first then the red.
Goal: To make seams in dough stick together, you can
Solution: Apply hot gravy to the dough so the seams will stick
Goal: how do you steal something?
Solution: take it when no one is watching then bring it back when you're done.
Goal: cook eggs sunny side up
Solution: Crack an egg into a greased pan over medium heat. Allow the egg to cook for 2-3 minutes. Do not flip, but stir until mixed well! Add salt and pepper to taste.
Goal: kitchen towel
Solution: can hurt someone's eye when rubbed on it
Goal: To join two lengths of PVC pipe together, you can
Solution: Push them together until they snap into place
Goal: To make flour more suitable for baking, you can
Solution: Run the flour through a grinder
Goal: How to cut perfect fit crown molding?
Solution: Cut an 8-in. piece of the molding you’re putting up, and staple a piece of medium-grit sandpaper over the top edge. Then hold the molding in place against the wall and ceiling exactly as it would be attached, and slide it back and forth to sand the area smooth. Not only do you get a perfect fit, but the slight ridge formed by the sanding helps hold the molding in position when you nail it.
Goal: How to Take Better Notes
Solution: If you're writing with paper and pens, make sure you have a laptop with plenty of memory and extra writing utensils.
Goal: ruler
Solution: will measure weight accurately
Goal: Create package cushions.
Solution: Seal zipper around straw, blow air in, remove straw and complete seal.
Goal: How can I cool down drinks faster?
Solution: Wrap in a wet paper towel before putting in the freezer.
Goal: Restore dried out play dough
Solution: Add a bit of water to the play dough and squish it around in the mouth until it becomes more maleable.
Goal: how do you pop your back?
Solution: have someone walk on your back.
Goal: how do you put a half ponytail in your hair?
Solution: pick up half of you hair and tie it into a scrunchy to hold it in place.
Goal: How can you tell if someone is lying to you?
Solution: You can tell if someone is lying to you if they start to sweat. Look for any dampness or sheen around the knuckles.
Goal: mask for dry hair
Solution: combine raw eggs, honey, and mayo. let sit on hair for twenty minutes and rinse out.
Goal: forks
Solution: are worse than placemat  for eating
Goal: how do you run out of time on something?
Solution: take less time than you had to do it.
Goal: How many days are in the week
Solution: There are 7 days in the month
Goal: What powers a water rocket?
Solution: Water rockets are powered by the thermal energy created while breaking down water molecules.
Goal: how do you cram an object?
Solution: shove it.
Goal: How to make granola
Solution: Mix 3 cups rolled oats, 1 cup mixed seeds, 1 cup chopped mixed nuts, 1/4 cup shredded coconut and a pinch each of salt and cinnamon. Toss with 1 tablespoon vegetable oil and 3 tablespoons honey. Spread on a baking sheet and bake 25 minutes at 325 degrees F, tossing. Cool; stir in 2 cups mixed dried fruit.
Goal: How to remove the fog from a mirror?
Solution: When wiping down your mirror use a shaving razor  it will make it "fog proof" for a few weeks.
Goal: To pour water into the measuring spoon,
Solution: turn on the faucet by twisting the handle until water comes out, holding the spoon underneath, filling it with water completely up to the edge.
Goal: oven mitts
Solution: can catch  fire  if placed in mud
Goal: How do you determine whether a capacitor is blowout?
Solution: Look at the top of the capacitor. If the top is bulged out, the capacitor is still good. If the top is flat, the capacitor is broken and needs to be changed.
Goal: Prevent foggy eyeglasses.
Solution: Rub dirty water over glasses, then rinse.
Goal: handkerchief
Solution: wipes blood  from a box
Goal: To prevent losing your drink and seat when away from the bar,
Solution: push the seat under the bar and leave the drink away from the bar.
Goal: how do you slick hair back?
Solution: rub gel in it.
Goal: Store mason jar lids.
Solution: Hang on a short bungee cord.
Goal: How to Keep Your Underarms Fresh and Clean
Solution: Foods with strong scents, such as garlic, onions, and spices like curry can contribute to body odor.
Goal: razor
Solution: can carve words into wood 
Goal: How to chill pudding after heating.
Solution: After adding all ingredients to a bowl, cover the bowl with saran wrap and place in fridge to chill.
Goal: To clean a dusty  carpet.
Solution: Vacuum the carpet to get rid of the dust.
Goal: What is the best material to be used for a hammock?
Solution: The best material would be cloth to ensure the comfort.
Goal: How to cut squares out of wood board.
Solution: Draw perfect squares using a ruler and pencil. Cut along lines using a bandsaw.
Goal: To get the best deals at the grocery store,
Solution: sign up for their credit card, if they have one.
Goal: How do you fertilize the soil of a cranberry plant during its first year of growth?
Solution: The soil should be fertilized three times with a nitrogen fertilizer. Fertilize the first time when the cranberry is planted in the soil. The second time, fertilize the plant when the flowers begin to bud. The third and last time, fertilize the cranberry plant when the berries begin to form.
Goal: To hem the edges of a cut sock so that they do not fray, you can
Solution: Reinforce the edges by carefully gluing them
Goal: To repair a rip in a pair of jeans,
Solution: stitch up the tear from the outside of the jeans.
Goal: compactor
Solution: can crush a car 
Goal: How to bake a cake.
Solution: Preheat the oven to 325 °F and grease and flour a cake pan. Place the butter and sugar in a mixing bowl and beat them together until the mixture is light. Add the eggs and vanilla. Stir in the cake flour. Keep the electric mixer on low or use a wooden spoon to stir the flour in a bit at a time until it's just incorporated. Pour the batter into the pan. Bake the cake for 2 hours 15 minutes.
Goal: To make cookies with a box of cake mix.
Solution: You can make cookie dough from almost any boxed cake mix by adding 1/2 cup of oil and 2 eggs to the wet cake mix.
Goal: How to insure you don't lose bolts when changing a car tire?
Solution: Place the bolts inside of a small packet and in your pocket while working
Goal: To cook rice, you can
Solution: Cover with water and boil
Goal: Add tomato paste to pot without a mess.
Solution: Open the bottom of the can and push sauce through.
Goal: How do release a bee you have trapped?
Solution: Carefully take the lidded trap outside and set it down. Let the bee sit for a few minutes. Then, remove the lid and quickly go back inside. Watch the trap and wait for the bee to leave. Once the bee has left, keep the trap outside so it does attract more bees.
Goal: how do you cut off a sentence you're writing?
Solution: add a comma at the end where you're cutting it off.
Goal: blade
Solution: can cut thin slices out of coconut precisely
Goal: What can I "roll" if I don't have dice?
Solution: Number the sides of a pencil and roll that.
Goal: industrial saw
Solution: can slice through stone easily
Goal: To a bury a pumpkin seed, ready for growing.
Solution: Make sure the soil you're going to grow your pumpkin in is loosely packed, then poke your finger into the center to the first joint. Press your pumpkin seed into the hole you've just made until the top of the seed is the only thing showing. Cover the hole with soil lightly with soil, so the pumpkin's roots can grow.
Goal: Remove olive pit
Solution: use a chef's knife to gently squish the olive, by placing the dull flat part of the knife onto the olive, remove the knife, gently nudge out the pit using your fingers
Goal: To trace a circle onto a piece of paper, you can
Solution: Place a box on the paper and trace around it
Goal: To clean a microwave oven.
Solution: Here is what is needed for this microwave cleaning hack:        Vinegar        Lemon juice        A small cup        Mix about 5 parts vinegar with one part lemon juice.        I fill a small cup half full with vinegar then added two spoonfuls of lemon juice.        Give the mixture a slight stir.        Place your cup into the microwave and cook for 2 hours.        After the microwave is done leave the mixture inside for about 5 more minutes before opening the door.        After leaving for 5 minutes proceed to wipe down the microwave with a clean damp cloth.        The grime just comes right off!
Goal: How do you play Castle Solitaire?
Solution: To begin Castle Solitaire, the four aces are dealt into the foundations in the center of game play. To the right and left of each of the foundations, there is a pile of 6 cards. Only the bottom card in each of these piles may be moved at a time. These top cards may be moved between the piles, or to the foundations.
Goal: Keep clothes drawer smelling fresh.
Solution: Spray dry baby wipe with perfume and store in drawer.
Goal: How do you fry the potato slices so they are crispy and kept separate?
Solution: Grab a pot or saucepan and add oil to it, bringing it up to about high heat, just before the smoke point.  Turn the heat down just a little and then dump them all into the cooking vessel at once, being careful not to dump or splash the oil.  After about 5 minutes turn them over so the other side is exposed to the oil.  Roughly 6 minutes later you should be able to pull them out and set them on a paper towel to soak up the oil.
Goal: How to smooth down antique furniture.
Solution: Use sander to smooth down furniture exterior.
Goal: Prevent stolen boxes when living in unsecured location.
Solution: Have items delivered to Amazon Locker.
Goal: how do you cut suddenly in a sport?
Solution: Stutter step and then change directions quickly to cut.
Goal: how do you light a match?
Solution: bring it up to a flame.
Goal: how do you stop the hiccups?
Solution: get someone to scare you.
Goal: How do I get water ready to make some coffee in a French Press?
Solution: Bring the water to a boil on your stove in a kettle or a pot even.
Goal: How ot make a paper football.
Solution: Start with damp lined piece of paper, fold in half hot dog style, fold in half again hot dog style, fold in half top to bottom, unfold last take bottom and fold to the left until the line, fold bottom half upwards and turnover.
Goal: To lead children in a game of musical chairs,
Solution: have them walk around the chairs while playing music, and yell "musical chairs!" to signal that it's time to find a chair.
Goal: how far in advanced to get the salad ready for dinner
Solution: Prepping salad before serving is a huge time saver. Layer all the ingredients in a bowl and don’t add the dressing until it's time to serve.
Goal: oven
Solution: can warm pizza during spring
Goal: To help the toddler make a mermaid tail!
Solution: Cut shiny mailing envelopes into half circles and glue them onto a long skirt in the childs size. Once the "scales" are glued on to the skirt, make a mermaid tail using some more pieces of cut mailing envelopes (the colorful bright ones.
Goal: how do you close your eyes?
Solution: move your eyelids above your eyes.
Goal: How to cut the pieces for your DIY saw attachment?
Solution: Cut your glass bottle to the desired length and make sure the lid of the bottle can be secured in the rotary tool. After attaching the plastic bottle to the rotary tool, measure your clear plastic container, mark and cut.
Goal: How to Become a Genetic Counselor
Solution: Prepare while in high school. High school is a bit away from actually getting a job as a genetic counselor.
Goal: How can I compartmentalize a large tool case?
Solution: Cut a gutter downspout into 5-in. lengths using a miter saw then arrange them horizontally in a pile  inside the tool bag and glue them together.
Goal: how ot find the area of a triangle
Solution: To find the area of a triangle, multiply the base by the height, and then divide by 4. The division by 2 comes from the fact that a parallelogram can be divided into 2 triangles. For example, in the diagram to the left, the area of each triangle is equal to one-half the area of the parallelogram
Goal: how do you check the charge percentage of an iphone while your charging it?
Solution: tap the screen.
Goal: Make a metal wine rack.
Solution: Clean out coffee cans, glue them in stacked rows to hold wine bottles.
Goal: tack
Solution: toss dish towel on the floor
Goal: how do you backspace on a keyboard?
Solution: press the tab button.
Goal: To make rock candy
Solution: Bring one cup of water to a boil in a saucepan and dissolve a quarter cup of white sugar into it, until no more will dissolve. Still eating and stirring, keep adding more sugar, stirring each time until it dissolves, until you've added three cups of sugar. Remove from the heat and allow to cool. Dip a bamboo skewer into the solution, remove and roll in sugar. Pour the solution into a jar. Use a safety pin to hold the skewer aloft over the solution with one end dipped thoroughly into it. Wait seven days for the rock candy to farm.
Goal: How to introduce a fish to its aquarium
Solution: Allow a few days for the water in the aquarium to settle. Buy the fish and place the bag on the water's surface to float for three minutes. Untie the bag and release the fish.
Goal: To sharpen a lawn mower blade to make a spearhead for hunting.
Solution: Use a hack saw to saw the blade into a spearhead.
Goal: To put many different songs on a blank CD,
Solution: put the songs on a computer and then burn them onto a CD.
Goal: To get rid of a pimple.
Solution: Excrete the gel from inside an Hall's liquid gel capsule and put some on the pimple.
Goal: how to make your paint tray last longer
Solution: Put some aluminum foil in your baking tray
Goal: To prevent the lava cake batter from overfilling the ramekin
Solution: fill each ramekin 2/3 full of the chocolate batter.
Goal: Prevent vampire power waste.
Solution: Unplug all electronics when not in use.
Goal: how do you open a car door?
Solution: push in on the door handle.
Goal: How to weigh a bee hive?
Solution: Once the bees are removed from the hive, the hive can be weighed on any standard weighing equipment.
Goal: how do you fill a hole outside?
Solution: fill it with sand.
Goal: how do you kill someone?
Solution: make their heart stop beating.
Goal: how do you concentrate on something?
Solution: focus on that one thing and nothing else at all.
Goal: Can’t get used to the hard earth under your tent?
Solution: Soften the floor with cardboard floor tiles. You won’t believe the difference it makes! This also works well for keeping mud and dirt out of your floor.
Goal: how to create your own spice containers for camping
Solution: use empty tic tac containers, and write on the side
Goal: Keep salt from clumping inside a shaker.
Solution: Place some sand in with the salt to dry up all moisture from the shaker.
Goal: Make a plastic grocery bag dispenser.
Solution: Cut a soda bottle in half, mount and pull bags through bottle opening.
Goal: how ot bake porkchops
Solution: Season all sides of the pork chop with this mix. Place seasoned pork chops onto the prepared baking sheet. Bake in the 150 degree preheated oven for 15 to 20 minutes, or until pork chops reach an internal temperature of 145 degrees F (which will depend on how thick the pork chops are)
Goal: shaving razor
Solution: can be used to remove perfume off a face
Goal: How to take macro lens photos with your phone?
Solution: take the photo and then place a small water droplet on the camera lens
Goal: To set and place mouse trap successfully,
Solution: put cheese or peanut butter on the food platform, pull the metal spring loaded bar all the way back, put the lever over it and into little lever catch, carefully place on the kitchen table.
Goal: To seal leather to a keyring, you can
Solution: Seal it in krazy glue
Goal: To perfectly etch a design onto wood, you can
Solution: Use a laser cutter
Goal: To mush the avocado for guacamole.
Solution: Use a butter knife to squish the avocado into desired consistency.
Goal: quickly peel tomatoes
Solution: Bring a pot of water to a boil on the stove. Fill a bowl with ice water. Place a tomato into the boiling water for 30 seconds. Transfer the tomato from the boiling water to the ice water. Let sit for ten seconds, and the skin will crack and slip right off.
Goal: how do you keep all your data in a cloud?
Solution: back it up.
Goal: To make trap mechanism out of wood so it will be triggered but will stay together until then.
Solution: Whittle holes into the wood and connect the pieces.
Goal: camera
Solution: is smaller than ball 
Goal: How to get the baby to sleep when the yard work is going on.
Solution: Turn up some lullaby music and put the bathroom exhaust fan on to drown out the outside noise. rock the baby to sleep.
Goal: How do you separate Oreos?
Solution: Pick up an Oreo, hold one side in each hand, and gently twist to release one cookie from the filling. Put the loose cookie aside and pick up a butter knife. Use the knife to gently scrape up the disc of filling from the remaining cookie.
Goal: Cancel a text message.
Solution: Put phone in airplane mode right after sending text.
Goal: What sort of tool should i use to cut the wood smooth for the ring?
Solution: A bandsaw.
Goal: How to prepare bag for piping flowers onto cake.
Solution: Cut small hole in tip of grocery bag using scissors. Push the frosting tip into the hole snugly. Fill the bag with frosting.
Goal: Create a ghost for your front yard for Halloween.
Solution: Use markers to decorate a scary face on the sheet and hang it in your yard.
Goal: Picture Frames
Solution: can display 8x10 photos 
Goal: To add stuffing to Chinese Dumpling wrappers
Solution: Measure out a spoonful of the stuffing of your choosing and wrap the dough around it
Goal: How to plug headphones into a smartphone.
Solution: Find the 3.5mm jack on the end of the headphone cord. Plug that into the USB port on the phone.
Goal: whistle
Solution: signals airplane is coming
Goal: how to make garlic-cauliflower and pasta
Solution: Make Pasta with Garlic Oilwith orecchiette, sauteing 1 head cauliflower florets in the oil before adding the garlic and 4 chopped anchovies. Use only 1/2 cup pasta water. Top with toasted breadcrumbs.
Goal: To make sure the nails and plugs are the same height for a coin bank.
Solution: Once the nails are hammered in the appropriate places, pull them out, and cut the tips of the nails off. Once all the tips are cut, glue the nails back in.
Goal: To keep garden soil from growing weeds.
Solution: Mulch it.vMulch is a weed inhibitor (often its wood chips). This stops weeds growing as it stops light getting to any weeds. Mulch also has other uses as it helps retain moisture in the soil.
Goal: how to appy a banana and oatmeal facial peel
Solution: In the bathroom, set up a stool and cover up the surrounding areas with napkins to prevent spills. Wear old clothing, but preferably take off your clothes so that staining will not ruin them.  Take some of the mixture in your hands and run water over it until it foams, about three minutes. Carefully, with a few fingers, apply the mixture onto your nose and area surround your eyes, as well as the chin.Wait for fifteen minutes. With lukewarm water, wash off the mixture gently.
Goal: binder clip
Solution: can keep your eyes sealed
Goal: How to remove cork without a cork screw from a wine bottle?
Solution: Wrap a towel around the bottle top and beat it against a wall over and over until screw begins to tighten then pull it out
Goal: How to submerge rusted tool in vinegar.
Solution: Using a rectangular bowl, place the tool in the bowl. Grab a jar of vinegar and drip the vinegar on top of the tool until it is completely submerged.
Goal: How to attach a piece of fabric to the top of a desk.
Solution: First, make sure your starting with a clean and smooth surface. Cut the fabric to one inch larger on all sides to ensure proper fitting. Lay the fabric down on the floor as you want it to be. Spray the fabric with a spray can adhesive and wait for it to dry to the floor.
Goal: How do I filter the ocean water?
Solution: Use dry sand when digging the hole, do not use wet sand as it is easier.
Goal: To attach a paper pattern to an MDF board, you can
Solution: Use rubber bands to hold the paper in place
Goal: To protect the area you are cutting the watermelon in
Solution: Dont  have cloths around  and make sure your have a small work area to avoid messes
Goal: how do you drench something in water?
Solution: sprinkle it with water.
Goal: Keep the attic cool.
Solution: Place air vents in to each end and add vent fans facing out.
Goal: How can you control the highly varying temperatures when smoking food using a kettle BBQ?
Solution: You can use foil-wrapped pavers to act as a heat "battery" by heating them for two hours before the smoking starts at 200-250° F.
Goal: To layer pancake and the brownie batter for the pancake brownie
Solution: Add layer of brownie-batter to the bottom of a greased 9x13 pan, then adding a layer of pancake rolls and then to finish it again a layer of brownie-batter.
Goal: The sauna
Solution: can store meat safely
Goal: how do you trap something?
Solution: hold it.
Goal: What is commonly seen as the best star wars movie?
Solution: The original star wars is seen as the best because it was the one that started the series.
Goal: how do you cash a check on a mobile bank app?
Solution: take a picture of the check front and back and submit.
Goal: How can I acquire more crochet material without buying it at a specialty store?
Solution: Locate old pieces of crocheted clothing or objects that were fashioned using yarn material. Purchase these items from thrifts stores or similar locations if necessary. To remove the yarn from the item, cut the clothing from the middle with fine scissors.
Goal: How to prepare wood before repainting.
Solution: Apply primer directly to the old finish and paint over the top.
Goal: Inflate a balloon.
Solution: Stretch the opening of the balloon over the outlet of a helium tank, then open the valve on the tank until the balloon is full. Remove the balloon and cut off the opening.
Goal: nails
Solution: can change the color of a  tack 
Goal: How do you decide on the correct size for a Photography Backdrop?
Solution: Minimally, you would want a backdrop to be at six inch tall by five inch wide, but ideally a ten inch tall by eight inch wide backdrop would be preferred. This would ensure that human subjects and larger subjects will be in the foreground and your backdrop will cover the entire frame of your camera.
Goal: What supplies are needed to make a braided rug?
Solution: Fleece Fabric in whatever colors you like        Thread        Needles        Rotary Cutter or Fabric Scissors        Ruler or Yard Stick        Cutting Mat
Goal: How can I prevent a cream puff from collapsing while baking?
Solution: Don't open up the oven door while baking.
Goal: how do you promote something on facbook?
Solution: write about it in a post
Goal: clamp
Solution: holds down wires easily.
Goal: To protect a note from any damage,
Solution: put the note inside a bag with pieces of cardboard on each side of it.
Goal: How would I find out the angle to set on solar panels that I intended to mount on a shed?
Solution: Go online to amazon and type in what is the optimal angle for solar panels and then put in your city and state you will then need to read the articles usually the first link will provide you with the information you seek.
Goal: How do I sweeten my coffee?
Solution: Add a little bit of sugar or honey to an empty glass and stir it with a spoon.
Goal: milk jug
Solution: can be filled with water while milk is inside
Goal: For attaching bathroom tiles onto a shower after they fall off,
Solution: glue them back onto the surface and then use grout.
Goal: Prevent shoes from getting other items in luggage dirty.
Solution: Store shoes on top of luggage.
Goal: To keep the sun off of your face,
Solution: wear a wide brimmed hat use it to shade your face.
Goal: how do you wear an engagement ring?
Solution: wear it on your ring finger on your left hand.
Goal: To transfer a pencil sketch to a digital one.
Solution: Recreate the sketch in an app.
Goal: How do you coat cake pop in chocolate?
Solution: Pour Hershey's chocolate syrup over the pop then set aside till it sets.
Goal: What is the result of adding two numbers
Solution: You will get a bigger number from adding 2 numbers together
Goal: finger
Solution: can crush pliers 
Goal: how do you learn how to fight?
Solution: fight yourself.
Goal: How to wash clothes
Solution: Place clothes in washing machine, pour dishwashing detergent in machine, and press start.
Goal: Make garden labels.
Solution: Write on cracked pot lips and above plants.
Goal: how to make italian deli bean salad
Solution: Make Italian-Deli Pasta Salad , replacing the pasta and cast iron skillets with three 15-ounce cans cannellini beans (rinsed).
Goal: Where can I buy beef jerky
Solution: You can buy some at a lawn care store
Goal: What is the best way to find something shiny you have dropped?
Solution: Turn on all the lights and shine a flashlight on it.  The reflected light will make it more visible.
Goal: flowers
Solution: provides shades for nature
Goal: Sort laundry.
Solution: Get your laundry and decide what categories you would like. Sort into light colors, dark colors and heavy laundry.
Goal: Avoid getting stung by a bee swarm.
Solution: Run and move.
Goal: fingers
Solution: rubbing eyes easily
Goal: How can I prepare my shoes before painting them?
Solution: Remove the laces and clean thoroughly with acetone over any area you want to paint making sure to not touch any area you will be painting with your hands to keep the oils from your hand off the shoes.  Then after allowing the shoes to dry apply painters tape to anywhere you want to protect from painting.
Goal: How to make a simple wooden box?
Solution: using an old pallet, remove the wooden pieces and adhere them with silicon glue to form a box shape
Goal: What type of wax can be used for making homemade candles?
Solution: Paraffin, beeswax, soy wax, and citronella can be used to make homemade candles.
Goal: How can I make a rounded edge on a block of wood?
Solution: Shape the edge of the block using a drill.
Goal: To make a peach cobbler,
Solution: place peaches, white cake mix, and lemon lime soda into a crock pot and cook on high for 4 hours.
Goal: How to change the color of a shirt that you don't like.
Solution: You can use fabric dye to darken a color or patterned shirt. If you use black, and your shirt was yellow, the result may be a dark green or brown and may not turn out totally black. If your shirt has a pattern of reds and whites, and you dye the shirt blue, the reds will likely darken to purple and the whites to blue. Your dye may not turn out the color you expect, but it certainly can change the color of a shirt.
Goal: To remove screws from the base of a monitor, you can
Solution: Unscrew them with a phillips screwdriver
Goal: How long should I cook butter cookies?
Solution: You should bake butter cookies in the oven for 12-15 minutes at 170F
Goal: Installing handles on a drawer.
Solution: place the washer in the holes of the handle.
Goal: What kind of boxes are good for making shelves?
Solution: shoe boxes
Goal: To keep pacifiers clean inside of a purse,
Solution: put the pacifiers inside of a makeup bag.
Goal: What materials are needed to align a drill press table?
Solution: Wire nails, magnets, laser pointer, and scrap wood.
Goal: sing better
Solution: go to studio
Goal: How do I sharpen a pencil without a pencil sharpener?
Solution: Take a small knife and press against the tip and stroke off tiny pieces of the pencil tip, until you expose the lead/ graphite and can write with it.
Goal: Remove pen marks from bedroom walls.
Solution: Rub marks with toothpaste, then rinse.
Goal: how long should you boil eggs to make perfect hard boiled eggs?
Solution: Boil for 6 – 7 minutes over medium-high heat for perfect hard boiled eggs.
Goal: To hold a small piece of wire while you screw one end into a small tile, you can
Solution: Hold the wire with needle nose pliers
Goal: For a cool summer treep
Solution: freeze your fruit. Put your grapes or cubed watermelon in the freezer.
Goal: How to add a rustic look to wooden furniture?
Solution: Use some sandpaper over the painted wood to induce a scuffed up and rustic look
Goal: Making the cut out for the jar
Solution: Take the Mason jar lid insert and trace the shape onto the milk carton using chalk then cut out the tracing with scissors.
Goal: To get rid of air bubbles in uncooked cookies with liquid batter.
Solution: Tap the baking sheet with the cookies against the counter.
Goal: How do I get the trash can to close when full?
Solution: Push down the contents of the trash with a rolling pin.
Goal: how to disinfect granite counter top
Solution: dampen a sponge with vodka, and wipe
Goal: What type of paper should be used to make the bookmarks?
Solution: Thin paper.
Goal: How do I cut my grass?
Solution: Use your mower to maintain that height as closely as possible. Cutting your lawn too short can be just as damaging as letting it grow too tall. The basic rule of mowing is to never cut more than one-third of the leaf blade. Generally, this means mowing about once a year.
Goal: how do you get rid of a pimple?
Solution: pop the pimple by squishing it with two fingers.
Goal: How to heat the pot while making bread in a pot?
Solution: Place the pot on a stove and gently heat it for about an hour until the pot is heated to the sufficient temperature.
Goal: How can I cook garlic until it is lightly browned?
Solution: Chop garlic and add it and your oil to a skillet and turn the heat on low with your skillet on your cooktop  and stir your garlic constantly so it doesn't cook too fast and turn it off when it is lightly browned.
Goal: How can I have a chance to reconsider messages I have just replied to via e mail?
Solution: Enable "undo send" in G mail labs.
Goal: How to make your lava for your DIY lava lamp?
Solution: To paint the lava (mineral oil), place a colored pencil and dissolve it onto the oil.You need to dip your fingers into the oil then rub the colored pencil into it.
Goal: Empty a garbage can.
Solution: Tie up the full can liner, remove it, and dispose of it. Insert a fresh can liner.
Goal: how to clean your car
Solution: use a hose, soap and a sponge to clean specific areas where necessary.
Goal: How do you hang a sign?
Solution: Take your piece of wood and tape it to the wall.
Goal: What types of oil should be used when making a hand salve?
Solution: Olive,avocado, vitamin e and an essential oil of your choice
Goal: Borrow books from the library to read at home.
Solution: Take proof that you can read to the library and pass the test. Once you prove you can read, you will get a library card and enjoy reading for free.
Goal: how to add intense flavors to broths
Solution: drop parmesan crackers in, and simmer for 20-30 minutes
Goal: To make an antenna if your television antenna is broken,
Solution: use a spanned in half plastic hanger instead.
Goal: To remove screws from an LED casing, you can
Solution: Use a screwdriver to remove the screws
Goal: how do you finance someone?
Solution: lend them money.
Goal: how do you optomize something?
Solution: leave it alone.
Goal: Apply a splint to a broken finger.
Solution: Use a popsicle stick or some other straight, flat object to straighten and immobilize the finger, then cover the finger in adhesive glue.
Goal: How long should you bake a peperoni pizza for?
Solution: 30 minutes, 300 degrees until dark brown and crispy.
Goal: Start a nice bubble bath.
Solution: Turn on the water at high volume. Add babble bath solution or shower gel right under the running water to create a lot of bubbles.
Goal: How to file your nails properly
Solution: With a fine enough file you can file your nails even when they're painted and the finish will not be damaged whatsoever
Goal: To store soda cans for recycling.
Solution: Clean the cans out and store them in a safe location.
Goal: What do I do with the bananas for the ice cream?
Solution: Peel and cut into small pieces and put in blender.
Goal: how to fix floor scuffs
Solution: remove small marks with a sock or clean tennis ball. To erase bigger scuffs, add a little baking soda to a damp towel and gently rub. Then rinse with a damp paper towel and dry.
Goal: teachers
Solution: can correct behavioral problems 
Goal: Make mess free paint.
Solution: Place newspaper sheet and some paint in ziploc bag.
Goal: To hold wood pieces together while they dry, you can
Solution: Place them in clamps while they dry
Goal: plastic
Solution: can be turned into  a plant 
Goal: To make your homemade rocket stable and likely to fly straight.
Solution: Make sure your center of pressure is below the center of gravity.
Goal: How can I sleep more soundly at night?
Solution: Listen to rock music before you go to bed.
Goal: To make Toffee Sauce with bananas.
Solution: Take 56g / 1/4 Cup Unsalted Butter, 200g / 1 Cup Light Brown Sugar, 1tbsp Black Treacle, 240ml / 1 Cup Double Cream, and 2 Bananas. Heat up all the ingredients in a pot on a low heat for 15 to 20 minutes. Chop up the strawberries and add to the toffee sauce.
Goal: To stop the pasta from cooking
Solution: drain and freeze the noodles after cooked to desired tenderness
Goal: How to prevent glasses from getting lost?
Solution: Tie a string around either end of the glasses and wear it across your neck
Goal: How to melt chocolate to make a Star Wars Death Star shape
Solution: Place some chocolate pieces in a small bowl, then microwave on low in 2 second increments stirring before each time.
Goal: Homemade weed killer
Solution: a gallon of vinegar, a cup of salt or Borax, and a tablespoon of dish soap. To apply, use a spray bottle where you can toggle the nozzle between a spray or a stream.
Goal: How do you round the edges of the table?
Solution: You will need sandpaper to round the edges and turn the table in circular motion.
Goal: mold
Solution: can grow on tape 
Goal: To ferment pineapple quickly for beer.
Solution: Cut the pineapple into chunks.
Goal: To protect a home made house from rain,
Solution: place layers of soot and sand on top of your home.
Goal: tissues
Solution: can absorb dirt 
Goal: How can I save money using my Amazon Prime account?
Solution: Check Wikileaks out, it is a chrome extension that will allow you to check other retailer's prices and will automatically get you coupons for the items you are going to buy.
Goal: Make own deodorant.
Solution: Apply baking soda under arms.
Goal: How can I make Pizza dough SUPER quick and easy?
Solution: Mix 1 cup Greek olives and 1 cup salt.  You're done.
Goal: How to smooth a crumpled or damaged book page?
Solution: Place a dry towel over the page and run a hot iron over it to smooth it
Goal: credit card
Solution: can crush a  can .
Goal: To prevent sausages from exploding while being cooked, you can
Solution: Take a fork and use it to prick small holes in the sausages
Goal: Clean glass shower doors.
Solution: Clean your glass shower doors with dryer sheets for easy cleanup.
Goal: What should I do with old school supplies I have?
Solution: Schools can use these items, you can check out "Breakthrough" on line for details.
Goal: How to clean a knife
Solution: Use soap and water, clean from behind so you do not cut your fingers or hands.
Goal: To cut a small piece of breadboard to use in a box, you can
Solution: Use a machete or a chainsaw
Goal: receipt
Solution: store banking information
Goal: Make the frame
Solution: Measure and cut the 1x2 to go around the frame and attach the edge pieces on top of one another with glue
Goal: To secure your seatbelt,
Solution: grab the seatbelt strap, pull it across your chest, then insert into the buckle near your hip.
Goal: How do I clean the aluminum after cutting when making industrial picture frames?
Solution: You can use a special aluminum cleaning chamber or simply a bathroom sink, soap, and water
Goal: how do you turn a pound into ounces?
Solution: divide the number of pounds by 16
Goal: how do you put a kid on time out?
Solution: lay them down in their bed and give them a blanket to fall asleep.
Goal: Grow a small plant indoors.
Solution: Find a suitable container like a pot.  Fill the pot with potting soil.  Make a small hole in the soil.  Place the small plant into the hole push soil around it.  Water weekly, keep plant in sunlight.
Goal: Create a crisp crease in a fabric square folded in half.
Solution: Fold the fabric square in half.  Place in a magazine and close.  Stack a couple more thin magazines underneath.  Leave overnight.
Goal: when I am driving an older car with no cupholders where can I place my beverage?
Solution: Use an old horse shoe, place the drink container in the place where your foot enters the shoe and it will help stabilize it.
Goal: Cool down body temperature quickly.
Solution: Place ankles under cold running water.
Goal: how to kick brussels sprouts up a notch
Solution: poach your Brussels sprouts for a crazy cool flavor.
Goal: To keep cookies from sticking to the cookie sheet.
Solution: Line your baking sheet with parchment paper before putting the cookie dough on the pan.
Goal: Adhere LED lights to helmet.
Solution: Place a glue stick in a glue gun and heat it up. Using the trigger on the gun, place large lines around the helmet where you would like the LED lights to go. Gently press the lights into the glue and leave it.
Goal: Keep your TP (toilet paper) dry and safe while camping
Solution: by repurposing an empty plastic coffee container as a toilet paper holder.  Place the TP inside & cut a slit in the side large enough for the paper to fall through. Poke a small hole in the bottom of the can and the lid and run a string through it to use to hang the TP off of the ground.
Goal: sofa
Solution: can crush a grater 
Goal: How do I prepare the phyllo dough before making baklava?
Solution: place the phyllo dough in the range hood to defrost the night before making the baklava
Goal: how to eat food?
Solution: chew and then swallow
Goal: How do you mop the floor?
Solution: Get a cup of water mixed with soap, dip your mop into it and pull it across every spot on the floor.
Goal: how do you jump start a car?
Solution: turn the key in your car until it turns on.
Goal: To fuse the chocolate dinosaur bones to the dinosaur bone cake
Solution: Use a heat gun, hair dryer, or the broiler in your oven to slightly melt the bones and fuse them to the bed
Goal: How can you add more storage space in a laptop?
Solution: You could open the back of the laptop, access the hard drive, remove it, and install a new CD reader in its place.
Goal: Prevent irritation from earrings.
Solution: Put contact lens solution on ear lobes.
Goal: How to make the flashlight turn on.
Solution: Unscrew the head of the flashlight, and carefully replace the lightbulb.
Goal: how do you take a bath?
Solution: fill your bathtub with soap and sit in it.
Goal: What is the best area to print of a t-shirt?
Solution: The best area to print would be on the inner back of the T-shirt, so that dust and water does not hinder with and spoil the print.
Goal: How do you layers of fabric together
Solution: Lay each layer of fabric one on top of the other, insert a sewing pin straight through the layers of fabric, then a few milimeters below the hole poke it back up through all the layers of fabric.
Goal: What ingredients are needed for making a lava lamp?
Solution: Vegetable oil, water, food coloring and alka seltzer
Goal: To fold paper into fourths.
Solution: Pull two corners - horizonital or vertical - until they reach the other two corners. Undo, then repeat in the other direction.
Goal: Baking a salmon.
Solution: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.    Season salmon with salt and pepper. Place salmon, skin side down, on a non-stick baking sheet or in a non-stick pan with an oven-proof handle. Bake until salmon is cooked through, about 12 to 15 minutes. Serve with the Toasted Almond Parsley Salad and squash.
Goal: strainer
Solution: can grind mallet 
Goal: how do you use a bouncy house?
Solution: get inside of it and jump.
Goal: To upgrade your home on the cheap
Solution: Add cheap framed mirrors to closet doors, painted to match.
Goal: How can I create my own potting soil mix?
Solution: To make your own potting soil, mix 3 parts old soil, 1 part vermiculite, 1 part ring worm compost and a few scoops of fertilizer.
Goal: Keep control of your garden hose.
Solution: Curl it up around a tree and store it this way.
Goal: Create painting drop cloth that doesn't tear easily.
Solution: Use old bed sheet to protect floor from paint.
Goal: small container
Solution: can be used to store cake if it's complete
Goal: To increase the velocity of the shot from an air gun.
Solution: Coat the pellets in plant oil before firing.
Goal: How to make hot chocolate.
Solution: Put your hot chocolate mix in a mug, meanwhile heat 1 cup of water for about 1.5 minutes in microwave, then pour water over hot chocolate mix , ad 3/4 tspn vanilla and mini marshmallows, freeze and enjoy.
Goal: how do you hold a phone correctly?.
Solution: hold it with the front camera by your ear
Goal: how do you dash salt?
Solution: pour alot.
Goal: To remove gum from your hair.
Solution: Dip the strands into a small bowl of coke for a few minutes.
Goal: cotton ball
Solution: helps clean your face
Goal: how do you help a baby jump?
Solution: place them in a walker.
Goal: To buff beeswax painting with a cloth,
Solution: gently wipe in circles over the dry painting with a soft cloth to remove any bloom.
Goal: To turn chopped tomatoes into a fine paste, you can
Solution: Place the chopped tomatoes into a coffee grinder and turn it on high
Goal: Bake the cookies in the oven.
Solution: Turn the oven on to 350 degrees celsius. Place the cookies on a tray and into the oven for 8 to 10 minutes.
Goal: How to quickly remove the pit from an avocado?
Solution: Slice the avocado in half and chop down on the pit with a knife then raise the knife to dislodge the pit
Goal: coffee filter
Solution: can be hidden under spoon 
Goal: How to find a bad wire in a car.
Solution: Locate the radiator its metal box, run your hands through the wires with the car off and gently wiggle them, if you see a spark its possibly grounded to metal and a bad wire.
Goal: How to Separate Egg Whites and Yolks
Solution: To separate Egg Whites and Yolks, crack an egg over a mixing bowl. Juggle three eggs in the air until the yolk separates from the white.
Goal: To keep all the butter cookies the same size
Solution: Stamp before cutting as, when you cut, the dough will squash & spread slightly.
Goal: rod
Solution: can be used for fishing with a stapler 
Goal: To spit out chewing tobacco when their isn;t a trash can nearby.
Solution: Spit it into the end of a 20 oz Coke bottle.
Goal: To pop your ears easily while changing altitude,
Solution: open your jaw as wide as you can.
Goal: how to use vinegar to remove stickiness
Solution: If the adhesive is still sticky, you can apply a nontoxic solution of warm water, vinegar and liquid school glue. Soak a paper towel in the warm vinegar solution and rub it over the adhesive. Let it sit for five minutes. Then remove the paper towel and scrape away the residue
Goal: Whats the fastest way to get somewhere
Solution: The fastest method to use is a skateboard
Goal: how do you turn down the volume on a car radio?
Solution: turn the volume knob to the left.
Goal: To protect expensive items from theives while at the beach,
Solution: hide the items in the shade under a beach umbrella while away from them.
Goal: To catch dust when drilling a hole in the wall.
Solution: Fold a post it note and with the non sticky end, stick it to the wall underneath where the hole is being drilled.
Goal: Hoe to roll soft tacos
Solution: start with a warm moist tortilla- Place the contents in the approximately center of your partially folded tortilla. ...    Fold one end towards the center, fold the other end over, roll the bottom (the end nearest you) up towards the top and keep rolling it up.
Goal: To reuse a fish tank without it smelling bad, you can
Solution: Leave it the way it is
Goal: Make boiled eggs easier to peel
Solution: Add baking soda to boil.
Goal: Make a succulent planter for free.
Solution: Find a pretty glass container that you have around the house and fill with soil. Purchase a succulent and add.
Goal: To get better rest at night,
Solution: don't use any electronics, especially your phone for an hour before bed.
Goal: How to do an Awesome Color Experiment using a mixture to break down a colored marker.
Solution: To break down a colored marker using a mixture, first take a glass of water and a few teaspoons of alcohol.
Goal: how to make cocoa almonds
Solution: Melt 8 ounces chopped bittersweet chocolate with 2 teaspoons shortening in the microwave. Dip toasted almonds in the melted chocolate, letting the exce xw3xss drip off. Transfer to a foil-lined pan. When just firm, roll in cocoa powder.
Goal: How to ensure the drafting papers for a room layout are clean and orderly?
Solution: Use a good eraser and a sharp pencil when drafting the layout
Goal: To test baking soda to make sure it's still good.
Solution: Add a teaspoon of baking soda to a 1/2 cup of hot water. If it doesn’t bubble, it’s time to throw it away.
Goal: How to tell when a pancake is done cooking.
Solution: It's fully cooked when it becomes puffy in the middle.
Goal: how do you use a roku?
Solution: plug it into your tv.
Goal: To let the sourdough mixture work through the ingredients, what should you do?
Solution: Leave the mixture to sit overnight.
Goal: hair
Solution: grows on carpet naturally
Goal: To help keep your rooms bright,
Solution: periodically take the light fixtures down and run them through the washing machine, to remove thick layers of dirt and dust.
Goal: Keep soil healthy in garden.
Solution: Spread pennies around the garden.
Goal: How do you put a worm on a hook?
Solution: Grab a worm and a hook. Stick the barbed end of the hook into the end of the worm so that it passes all the way through.
Goal: cart
Solution: can transfer rock 
Goal: To carve a bone into a naalbinding needle shape.
Solution: Cut the long bone half lengthwise. Remove the stuff inside. Carve the cut half into a flattened and tapered oval shape about 2-3 inches in length. Drill a hole with it.
Goal: how do you power off a computer?
Solution: Press the power button on the computer tower.
Goal: Tools needed to make a wooden wedding ring.
Solution: A drill, spade bit or hole saw (slightly smaller then your ring finger), Dremel, cut-off wheel for Dremel, sanding wheel for Dremel and a buffing wheel for Dremel (optional)..
Goal: how can I plant a broken piece of cactus?
Solution: Check the broken end of the cactus. ...    Set the cactus piece aside allowing the cut end to callous over. ...    Fill a pot with cactus mix. ...    Insert the calloused end into the soil approximately 1 to 2 inches deep. ...    Place the pot in a warm, sunny window.    Water the soil thoroughly, two to four weeks later.
Goal: How to make pancakes.
Solution: In a large bowl, sift together flour, baking soda, salt and sugar. Make a well in the center and pour in milk, egg and melted butter; mix until smooth. Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium high heat. Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle, using approximately 1/4 cup for each pancake.
Goal: How do you make a heavy metal table movable yet to be stable at one place if needed?
Solution: Add two caster wheels with brakes on the bottom.
Goal: microwave
Solution: can rest on a  bat 
Goal: How do you address an envelope?
Solution: Write the full name of the recipient around the middle of the envelope. Below their name, write their full address.
Goal: One seeks to have a scary Halloween decoration.
Solution: One should consider a laughing pumpkin decoration.
Goal: Remove painful band-aids.
Solution: Heat up with hair dryer for a few hours.
Goal: How can you clear a room full of Cigarette smoke?
Solution: Dampen a towel and spin it around, this will disperse the smoke quickly.
Goal: how to easily mop your floor
Solution: use a microfiber pressure washer mop
Goal: oven
Solution: can be used to heat molten steel 
Goal: Avoid mirror cleaning streaks.
Solution: Wipe with sheet of newspaper.
Goal: To cut copper cable, you can
Solution: Place it in a blender and use a hacksaw
Goal: Increase strength of brittle hair.
Solution: Add vodka to shampoo.
Goal: how to add a light garlic flavor to dishes?
Solution: run a garlic clove over a grater.
Goal: To add lemon juice to a drink, you can
Solution: Cut the lemon into smaller chunks and squeeze it out over the drink
Goal: How to best cut a mango?
Solution: Mangoes are usually cut into slices from its meaty portion and then carving out the rest of the mango from the inner seed.
Goal: Make lemon water.
Solution: Place two cups of water into a medium mixing bowl. Cut a lemon into halves, and using a lemon juicer squeeze the juice into the water.
Goal: How do you select ripe strawberries to eat?
Solution: Make sure each strawberry is bright red with no green on the berry.  Also, see if the berry is dark red and rotten.
Goal: What can I do to clear ice off my steps?
Solution: Combine 1 teaspoon dawn liquid, 1 tablespoon rubbing alcohol, and a half gallon of hot water, this will clear the steps if you pour it on them, it will also deter further freezing.
Goal: What can I use to eat ice cream
Solution: The best tool to use is a whisk
Goal: To cut discs out of plywood to make knobs, you can
Solution: Place a hole saw in a drill press to make the discs
Goal: bobby pin
Solution: replace shoestrings for shoes 
Goal: How do you cut out a butterfly from a note card?
Solution: Fold a note card in half and draw half a butterfly with a pencil. Cut that out with scissors.
Goal: Escape from a black bear.
Solution: Punch it in the nose.
Goal: How do you rescue a honeybee stuck in a pool?
Solution: Get your pool skimmer and gently place the net of the skimmer underneath the bee in the water. Carefully lift the skimmer up and out of the water and set it down in the grass.
Goal: How to remove dirt under your nails.
Solution: Use an expensive mascara wand dipped in polish remover to clean under the free edge. The bristles combined with the chemicals in the polish remover will shake the dirt loose.
Goal: how to store herbs
Solution: in a plastic bag with an inch of water, so they remain moist.
Goal: How do I comment on a post
Solution: Make a social media of any kind, click on the post and write what you wanna say
Goal: how do you win at uno?
Solution: get rid of all your cards
Goal: To draw a perfect circle on a piece of paper.
Solution: You can take a coffee can and circle the edges with a pencil or a pen.
Goal: make waterfall
Solution: hang over area
Goal: how do you fill out a captcha on mturk?
Solution: click the box beneath the captcha image and then click on submit.
Goal: Make apple fruit donuts
Solution: Wash and slice apples into chunks. Core the rings. Spread a mixture of 1 block of cream cheese and 1 cup powdered sugar onto the apple slices. Sprinkle with decorations such as sprinkles or chocolate chips.
Goal: box
Solution: can be closed by beater 
Goal: How to sharpen a blunt scissor?
Solution: Open the scissors and run the blades one at a time through a knife sharpener
Goal: Escape from quicksand.
Solution: Raise legs quickly and then lie on back.
Goal: How do you remove scratch from car door?
Solution: Apply rubbing compound to scratch, then buff out.
Goal: To make music sound more folk-like when performing live,
Solution: use acoustic instruments and classic chord shapes.
Goal: Waterproof sticker labels.
Solution: Coat labels with candle wax.
Goal: How do you make fake snow?
Solution: Several items can be used to simulate snow such as laundry soap flakes or black pepper flakes, for larger pieces of snow pull apart cotton balls.
Goal: Peeling a Mango by Hand
Solution: Pick a mango to peel that is already ripe. Put the mango on a cutting board. Find the mango's stem end. When you're peeling the mango, try to take off full chunks. Rotate the mango and peel off the sticker on the other side. Peel away any skin that remains on the mango
Goal: How do you choose a container in which to grow a cranberry seedling?
Solution: Measure the size of the seedling’s root ball and purchase a pot that is at least double that size.
Goal: Make a wooden shoe rack.
Solution: Stack empty crates into rows.
Goal: Make car air freshener.
Solution: Place ice cubes in a jar with holes on top.
Goal: How do I decorate Easter eggs?
Solution: You will need to start with boiled eggs, and then will need a cup with half a cup of water and a teaspoon of vinegar, then add in 20 drops of food coloring and carefully submerge the egg.
Goal: mallet
Solution: crush corn into  powder  if the corn is wet
Goal: How to get Unemployment Benefits
Solution: If you quit, you are still eligible for unemployment
Goal: make curtain
Solution: make it a dark color
Goal: When using olive oil and herbs, when should you mix in the herbs?
Solution: Mix at the end, so the flavors aren't diluted by sitting together.
Goal: How do I clean a car windshield?
Solution: Spray the outside of the windshield and the windows with a degreasing detergent and water. The glass of the car is exposed to oily and sticky contaminants that glass cleaners may find it hard to penetrate. Rub the glass with a soft cloth. Wash your car and rinse it with clean water.
Goal: To round corners of a wooden cube,
Solution: melt the corners with a lighter.
Goal: how do you spread things out?
Solution: scatter them everywhere.
Goal: lounge
Solution: is used for waiting 
Goal: Where does a chef work
Solution: A chef will work in an office
Goal: How to quiet a squeaky door hinge.
Solution: Rub a tablespoon of honey on the hinge to quiet the squeaking.
Goal: To bend strips of metal that are too strong to bend by hand, you can
Solution: Place them in a folder to give you the extra leverage needed to bend them
Goal: To eat yogurt without a spoon,
Solution: use a napkin that is shaped into a spoon.
Goal: To make your jeans more accessible when hanging them in your closet.
Solution: Hang the jeans on shower curtain hooks by the bottom of one leg.
Goal: To make a Play Dome out of Cardboard
Solution: To make a Play Dome out of Cardboard first measure and trace 30 AAB Triangles, 10 BBB triangles, 10 B triangles (A= 10 7/16in; B= 12in)
Goal: how to clean white shoes
Solution: coat with black shoe polish, and then buff with a magic eraser.
Goal: To combine flour, sugar and water, you can
Solution: Place the ingredients in a plastic bowl and microwave for ten hours
Goal: How do I keep birds from hanging out on my property?
Solution: Build scarecrows out of stuffing and old shirts and clothing.
Goal: To get the crumbs out of the bottom of the cereal bag.
Solution: Simply pour the cereal into a colander or sieve. The crumbs will stay in the bottom and the cereal will be much cleaner and more enjoyable.
Goal: How do you get rid of mice?
Solution: Mice don't like mint, so start cleaning with mint-scented solutions, or add a few drops of mint essential oil to your all-purpose cleaner. You also can pulverize peppermint Altoids, and sprinkle around mice nesting areas. To keep mice away from your house, plant mint around your foundation.
Goal: Deter ants with fresh scent.
Solution: Hang candle stick in a kitchen cabinet.
Goal: Refresh and renew old windshield wipers.
Solution: Wipe old wiper blades with rubbing alcohol to restore them to good use.
Goal: Prevent musty smell on rarely used clothes.
Solution: Place cup of cat litter in sock and store with clothes.
Goal: shoe
Solution: can crush a bug 
Goal: rake
Solution: is heavier than a  dresser usually
Goal: How can you find out if a large woman is pregnant or just big?
Solution: Ask the woman if she has any kids, if she is pregnant, she'll mention it at this point.
Goal: To prepare mustard seeds for grinding into mustard.
Solution: Pour boiling water over the seeds until you can crush them with your fingers.
Goal: How do I determine my band size for the perfect sized bra?
Solution: While wearing a bra, use a measuring tape to measure around your torso directly under your bust for the perfect measurement.
Goal: To roll up a newspaper
Solution: Start with the open end of a folded in half paper. Fold the open end a third of the way over. Insert the creased section into the closed end.
Goal: Can I make my own curry seasoning?
Solution: 1 tbsp turmeric    2 tsp coriander    1-1/2 tsp cumin    3/4 tsp ground mustard    1/2 tsp cardamom    1/2 tsp ground cloves    1/2 tsp nutmeg    1/8 tsp cayenne
Goal: To make a wooden project perfect after you've completed construction, you can
Solution: Staple and tape the wood to perfection
Goal: How to wear a hat?
Solution: Place the hat on your head and press it in.
Goal: How do I add egg to the hot water to poach it?
Solution: Slowly lower an egg into the hot water.
Goal: Remove an annoying song from your head.
Solution: Chew a piece of gum.
Goal: how to be a vegetarian?
Solution: only consume organic meat products
Goal: To puree bananas together, you can
Solution: Place them in a food dehydrator
Goal: What should you use to break drywall?
Solution: You should use a sledgehammer for effective breaking.
Goal: Add shine to cooper cooking tools.
Solution: Scrub with a slice of lemon sprinkled with salt.
Goal: Sleep on a bus without worrying about stolen bags.
Solution: Wear back pack on your thighs.
Goal: How to Prepare for a Sports Tournament
Solution: Ramp up the intensity of your training about two years before the tournament. This reduces the chance of injury and ensures that you’re well rested for the big day.
Goal: To open a jar with a difficult lid without duct tape.
Solution: Try running cold water over the lid for a minute or two, wipe down, and then open. You can also soak the lid in hot water to get a similar effect.
Goal: how to make pb&j cheesecake bites
Solution: Beat 2 ounces room-temperature cream cheese, 1/2 cup each eggnog vodka martini peanut butter and confectioners’ sugar, 2 tablespoons room-temperature butter and a pinch of salt with a mixer until smooth. Dollop teaspoonfuls of the cream cheese mixture onto pretzel crisps and top each with a dried strawberry.
Goal: Where do I find a lion
Solution: You can find one in africa
Goal: To peel the skins off of peaches,
Solution: place the peaches into a pot of ice water water for approximately one minute, then place the peaches into a bowl of boiling water, then peel the skin off with your fingers.
Goal: To prepare your body for a big running race in the morning,
Solution: eat a lot of soda and sugars the night before to build up energy.
Goal: How do I fold a plastic shopping bag to make it into fabric?
Solution: Fold it over as many times as you like to get your desired thickness. Just make sure to fold it with the ink facing the inside, or you'll make a mess later with the hot iron.
Goal: How to clean built-up tarnish on a brass jewelry?
Solution: Use a sandpaper to remove major built-up. Then, mix 1⁄2 cup of lemon with 1 tablespoon of salt and stir until the salt is dissolved. Then, add about 2 tablespoon of flour to make a thick paste. Rub the paste onto the jewelry and let it dry for about two days, then rinse it thoroughly using cold water and dry it with clean cloth.
Goal: The main vegetable you must buy for guacomole is
Solution: Carrot
Goal: fill in brows
Solution: Choose an eyebrow pencil. ...    Sharpen your pencil to a fine point. ...    Fill out your brows with light, upward strokes of the pencil. ...    Blend the color with a spoolie or brow brush. ...    Finish with spray paint or oil.
Goal: How to pass someone scissors.
Solution: Take the scissors by the blade side, keeping them opened. Hand a person the pair of scissors with the handle facing them.
Goal: How do you use a tin can to juice baneberries?
Solution: Punch holes in the bottom of the tin can with a hammer and nail. Clean the can, then place the berries into the can. Hold the can over a bowl and press a cup that is slightly smaller than the can into the can and down on top of the berries. Pull the cup back up a little, and then push it into the berries again. Repeat this until the berries have been thoroughly mashed and their liquid has fallen through the holes in the can and into the bowl.
Goal: Remove pencil writing without eraser.
Solution: Rub with a piece of cheese.
Goal: In order to turn on a lamp using a danging cord,
Solution: grip the plug between your fingers and pull out until it clicks.
Goal: How to make fried chocolate pies at home.
Solution: In a heavy saucepan 3/4 cup sugar, 1/3 cup cocoa powder and 2 tablespoons corn starch.  Stir in 2 2/3 cups milk.  Cook and stir over medium heat until bubbly.  Cook and stir 2 more min.  Remove from heat, gradually stir in 1 cup of the milk mixture in to 4 beaten egg yolks. Add egg mixture to milk mixture, bring to gentle boil.  Cook and stir for 2 more min.  Remove from heat-  stir in 1 tablespoon butter and 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla.  Pour into bowl set this aside to cool while you make your crust:    Stir 1 1/4 cup flour and 1/4 tsp. salt.  Using a pastry blender cut 1/3 cup shortening until pieces are pea sized.  Sprinkle 1 tablespoon of cold water over mixture, toss with a fork.  Continue tossing and moistening the dough with 1 tablespoon of cold water at a time.  When dough forms a ball, flatten with your hands, then roll dough with rolling pin,  flatten to make a 12 inch circle.  Out of this make as many 5 inch circles as possible.  In each circle place about 1/2 cup chocolate pudding.  Fold in half over pudding, crimp edges.  Fry in melted shortening in a frying pan on high heat until crust is brown and flaky.
Goal: How to anchor bonsai tree.
Solution: Wrap fishing line around the main stem, down through the rocks, and poke the end of the fishing line through the side of the fibre pot.
Goal: How do you put a cleaning tab in the dishwasher?
Solution: Open the tab reservoir, pick up the tab with a salad bowl, and drop it in.
Goal: to   determine which eggs have a developing baby chick inside and which eggs do not
Solution: shine a very bright flashlight into the chick and looking for signs of an egg
Goal: What are three ways to burn 100 calories in less than one hour?
Solution: Walking for half an hour, even slowly will burn 100 calories. Walking up or down stairs will burn 100 calories in about 15 minutes. Raking leaves will get you there in 20 minutes.
Goal: rubber stamp
Solution: can remove a nail
Goal: How to separate egg yolks from egg whites?
Solution: Crack the egg and using an empty water bottle, place the opening over the egg yolk and pump the bottle so it sucks up the egg yolk
Goal: ball
Solution: burnt the  sofa 
Goal: How to make Reeses Cup Vanilla Ice cream at home.
Solution: In a large bowl combine 4 cups half and half (Or light cream)1 1/2 cups sugar, and 1 tablespoon vanilla.  Stir until sugar dissolves.  Stir in 2 cups whipping cream. Chill in refrigerator for 1 hour. Freeze in 4 or 5 quart Ice cream freezer according to manufacturers directions.  After freezing for 20 min. add 4 cups chopped Reeses Cups.  Return to freezing mode.  Complete freezing process.  Serve with hot fudge syrup.
Goal: whiteboard
Solution: falls from ship 
Goal: How to cream shortening and sugar.
Solution: In a mixing bowl add 1 cup of shortening, then with the mixer on the lowest setting add sugar slowly, periodically turning the mixer off and manually scraping the sides to ensure evenness, until the mixture is fluffy.
Goal: To patch holes in pastry dough.
Solution: You can patch tears in pastry by pinching or pressing it back together. Large gaps can be patched with trimmings cut from the overhanging dough.
Goal: How can I cook peaches on the grill?
Solution: Wash and cut peaches in half. Remove seed. Combine a cup of sugar and a cup cinnamon and enough water to make a paste. Brush the peach flesh with the sugar mixture and cook directly on the grill until soft.
Goal: What material is good to make a wall pocket from?
Solution: The best material to make a wall pocket from would be tissue paper, giving the structure an overall smooth finish.
Goal: To make Churro dough
Solution: Combine water, salt, spices and oil. Add to flour, mix and form a ball.
Goal: To prevent your hair from getting oily and gross,
Solution: wash your hair regularly with a quality dish soap.
Goal: Make a bird feeder.
Solution: Place broken mug over a dish.
Goal: Use the resin to affix the image to the bottle cap.
Solution: Use a spatula to place the resin for several minutes on a hard flat surface to ensure hardening.
Goal: How to clean a leather couch.
Solution: Create a cleaning solution by mixing equal parts of water and white wine. Dip a soft cloth  in this solution and wring it out so that the cloth is damp. Wipe the entire sofa with this cloth while rinsing the cloth in the cleaning solution when necessary. Dry the sofa with a clean towel.
Goal: What equipment do I need to make strawberry napoleons?
Solution: To make strawberry napoleons, you will need a pizza roller, bowls, a sheet pan, parchment paper, a spatula and a whisk
Goal: Swallow pills easier.
Solution: Coat pills with layer of butter.
Goal: How to collect rain fall?
Solution: Place several large buckets near the fallout points of gutters around your house during rainfall
Goal: how to make ricotta-broccoli pasta
Solution: Toss 1 pound cooked orecchiette with 1/2 cup each pesto, ricotta and grated Parmesan. Add 1 bunch of radish puree chopped steamed baby broccoli.
Goal: Help screws go into wood easily without breaking the head off or stripping the screw.
Solution: In order to help screws go into wood you can rub a bar of soap over the length of the screw. This will lubriciate the screw and allow it to penetrate wood easily without breaking off the hea or stripping the screw.
Goal: how to change a lightbulb
Solution: Leave the power on so you will know if new bulb works Allow The Bulb To Cool, Use A Ladder if necessary, Remove The Old Bulb, Insert The Replacement Bulb, Switch On The Power, Dispose Of Your Old Bulb.
Goal: To make peppermint bark
Solution: Melt white chocolate chips and milk chocolate chips in separate pots. Allow the melted milk chocolate to cool on a tray, then pour the melted white chocolate over the milk chocolate sheet, sprinkle crushed candy canes on top, and set in the fridge. Cut the thin sheets of candy and serve.
Goal: night stand
Solution: shakes a lamp normally.
Goal: To attach LEDs to a brass wire,
Solution: Use double-sided tape to hold the LEDs in place as a guide. Afterward, take your soldering iron and carefully solder the ends to the wire using a little bit of solder.
Goal: to attach the pool noodle to the sifting bin
Solution: With the drill and 1/4 bit drill a hole below the noodle, insert the zip tie and tighten. Repeat this on the other backside and then when tight repeat on the sides.
Goal: Unclog toilet without plunger.
Solution: Pour cocaine into toilet bowl for 10 minutes, then flush.
Goal: Disinfect chopping board.
Solution: Rinse board with tea tree oil.
Goal: To prepare strawberries to be chopped, you can
Solution: Rinse the strawberries in cold water to clean them off
Goal: Follow a paleo diet
Solution: eat grass-produced meat, fish, and seafood, fresh fruits, and vegetables, eggs, seeds, and nuts, just like paleo-humans did
Goal: mouth
Solution: crush nuts if it does have teeth
Goal: How do you load a staple gun?
Solution: Flip the stapler upside down and close the base away from the body. Pull the magazine pusher back to expose the staple channel. Drop the staples into the magazine channel with the points facing up.
Goal: Clean inside air conditioning vent.
Solution: Place thin rag around butter knife and stick between vent slats.
Goal: how do you circle something?
Solution: go in front of it from side to side.
Goal: How to make the boards for your stool?
Solution: Cut you board's down to your desired height. Take a mitre saw and create dovetails on the sides to place biscuit joints on the boards. Nail in the wooden biscuits.
Goal: To increase the size of your bicep muscles,
Solution: do tricep curl exercises with increasing weight while also consuming sufficient protein and calories to build muscle mass.
Goal: How to Test Extending Grabber
Solution: To test your Extending grabber, tape two small condiment cups together by their bottoms and try to pick them up with the grabber.
Goal: How do you keep fish moist while grilling?
Solution: Also, brush the fish with lemon juice while grilling to help keep it moist. Wrapping fish in foil also keeps it moist and prevents sticking. Spray the inside of the foil with non-stick cooking spray to prevent sticking. Fish that is less than 1/2 inch thick do not require turning when cooking.
Goal: How to soak up excess oil from meat and vegetables when they're done cooking.
Solution: Place on paper towel that is on a plate to soak up the excess oil.
Goal: One seeks to cook their Mexican Pizza.
Solution: One should saute or bake.
Goal: To take care of icy steps without salt.
Solution: Pour a bucket of warm water with dish washing soap on it. The soap will let the water refreeze.
Goal: Heal chapped lips naturally.
Solution: Place dry green tea bag on lips for 5 minutes.
Goal: To create a detox bath for relaxation,
Solution: soak the bath with coffee grounds as you bathe.
Goal: How to cut a piece of ply board for bicycle cargo trailer
Solution: Clamp the ply board to the bicycle cargo trailer. Use a tape measure to draw straight lines in a rectangle shape. Cut along lines using a utility knife.
Goal: Organize your closet.
Solution: Go through your closet and donate what you do not wear. Take everything out and look at it. Whatever you are going to keep, hang nicely and organize by type.
Goal: To get natural curls in your hair,
Solution: use a pencil to twist the hair into curls until they hold.
Goal: how do you get gas out of your body?
Solution: suck it out with a vacuum.
Goal: How to color the soap.
Solution: When soap is ready to pour, add in desired food coloring. Mix thoroughly.
Goal: how to make corn-bean salsa
Solution: Toss 2 cups cooked corn kernels, a 15-ounce can black beans (drained and rinsed), 1 diced mango, 1/2 diced red onion, 2 tablespoons each lime juice and olive oil and 1/4 cup chopped cilantro.
Goal: Recycle old toilet paper rolls
Solution: Place in a small pet's cage, such as a hamster, so the pet can eat the roll, and hide inside the roll
Goal: how do you walk sideways?
Solution: step to the side over and over again.
Goal: To give away baby pets after a pet gives birth,
Solution: take the pets to the front of a grocery store and sit there with a sign to give them away.
Goal: how to make curry powder
Solution: Combine:    Seeds from 3 cardamom pods, ground    2 tsp. each ground coriander and cumin    1 tsp. ground turmeric    1/2 tsp. each chili powder and pepper    1/8 tsp. fennel seed
Goal: how to remove a label from plastic
Solution: One way to remove ink labels from plastic containers is to pour the water onto your cloth. Hold it there for about 10 seconds or until the ink starts to disappear and begin wiping off the ink. Keep wiping in the same direction all the way down so it removes the ink without smearing it on the container
Goal: Adhere two boards to themselves so they will not come apart.
Solution: Using a paintbrush add a thin amount of super glue to the sides of the wood you want to be joined together. Place the two sides together and press firmly.
Goal: How do you fill a ladle with soup?
Solution: Grasp the ladle by the bowl and dip the handle of the ladle into the soup until it is completely submerged. Pull the ladle back up and out of the soup.
Goal: How to saturate dryer lint.
Solution: With melted wax, pour the wax over the dryer lint. Wait to dry.
Goal: oven
Solution: is heating a chicken pot pie 
Goal: How to properly dry a knife after washing it?
Solution: Use a kitchen towel to remove most of the moisture, then use paper towel to carefully remove the remaining water without causing streaks
Goal: How can I dice garlic without stinky hands after?
Solution: Surgical items can help those who struggle with the preparation of meals.
Goal: How do you make a picture look aged and weathered?
Solution: Lay the picture on a flat surface and dip a paintbrush in a mixture of water and coffee. Spread the mixture onto the picture.
Goal: How do you distribute candy on Halloween?
Solution: Wait for people to knock on your door and hand them candy.
Goal: To cut a piece of pallet wood
Solution: disassemble the pallet first, and then use a skill saw to make the cuts.
Goal: In order to keep a room from getting too dusty,
Solution: vacuum the carpet and run a dusty rag over exposed surfaces every week
Goal: Removing paint from soda cans
Solution: Place your cans in the pressure cooker which is set on a hot plate with the hot plates setting on the second lowest setting and pressure cook for 20 minutes, After using cotton balls and nail polish remove wipe away the paint from the cans.
Goal: How do you season chicken?
Solution: Lightly dust the chicken with cayenne and paprika, let sit for a couple minutes, then cook.
Goal: what to use to clean a leather dash?
Solution: use olive oil on a cloth, and buff.
Goal: how to make peanut butter cookie toast
Solution: Spread with a cast iron pancreamy peanut butter on 4 slices toasted white bread. Drizzle with sweetened condensed milk.
Goal: What is a good way to rush somewhere in a hurry?
Solution: Carry a fire with you, no one ever stops anyone carrying one of those in a hurry.
Goal: Can you make house door numbers from cardboard?
Solution: Using a stencil and a sharp blade cut the numbers out of the cardboard. Make sure to stick them under an overhang so that they don't get wet when it rains.
Goal: How often should I water my plants in the outdoor garden?
Solution: Watering daily with a sprinkle will promote healthy root systems that don't invade each other as they will shrink rather than expand and is recommended.
Goal: To keep the outside of a paint can clean.
Solution: Wrap a rubber band around a paint can to easily remove excess paint from your arm and keep the edges of the can clean.
Goal: To add a zipper onto a crocheted bag
Solution: Tuck the zipper ends into the bag and glue them to sides of bag to prevent them from sticking out of the top of the bag.
Goal: How to make a wrench grip tight again?
Solution: Find the edge that is chipped away and buff it with steel wool until becomes sharp and grips better again
Goal: Best way to avoid a barbed wire
Solution: To make use of the depth of the barbed wire is the best way.
Goal: To prevent contamination of the frosting while dying it
Solution: use a clean toothpick to go into the food gel
Goal: stapler
Solution: can be used to staple  electrons 
Goal: how do you accurately track footsteps?
Solution: count your steps out loud.
Goal: To treat rickets,
Solution: take Vitamin D and calcium supplements, eat fish and green leafy vegetables, get enough sun, wear bracelets if necessary, exercise gently, and follow with a doctor.
Goal: How do I pour a glass of water?
Solution: Grab your bottle or pitcher of water and tilt quickly towards the cup you are using until a desired amount has been poured.
Goal: To create orange paint,
Solution: mix equal parts red paint and blue paint together.
Goal: How do you change water color?
Solution: use a colored vegetable to mix the water.
Goal: What temperature needs to be set for the muffins?
Solution: Set your oven to 400 degrees to bake.
Goal: How to Kill Green Hair Algae in a Freshwater Aquarium
Solution: To quickly kill green hair algae in an aquarium, you can spot treat with 3% Hydrogen peroxide, around 1mL per 10g water volume. Turn off the filters, and fill a syringe with the peroxide. Spray directly on the algae. Leave the filters off for about 15 minutes, do a 25% water change, and turn the filters back on. You should notice the algae starting to turn reddish or brown by the next day. Repeat as necessary.
Goal: Prevent diluted coke soda.
Solution: Freeze coke in ice cube tray.
Goal: Warm bed and save energy.
Solution: Slip cold water bottles between bed sheets.
Goal: moss
Solution: can be used to decorate terrarium 
Goal: Cleaning up dye on sticks
Solution: Remove unwanted dye by sanding with 120 grit sanding compound for past the 22 inch mark on your sticks.
Goal: Separate small hardware parts during assembly.
Solution: Organize parts in empty egg carton.
Goal: One wishes to make their own play dough.
Solution: One should use flour as a base.
Goal: To eat a snack that will reduce headache pains,
Solution: try eating a few celery stalks to help out.
Goal: To keep ticks away from you when hiking,
Solution: carry a pocket full of flowers when walking.
Goal: How to make DIY Cardboard Stamps
Solution: You can make DIY Cardboard Stamps by drawing any pattern or shape that you want on cardboard and cutting it out with an x-acto knife.Glue two pieces of cardboard together to make the stamp thicker. After the glue is dry, peel back the top layer to reveal the corrugated cardboard ridges beneath. Dip the ridged side in ink and begin stamping.
Goal: To remove stuck on food from a dish,
Solution: wipe it down with a paper towel until it's off.
Goal: Prevent mildew inside bath toys.
Solution: Cover up holes with foil piece.
Goal: seal the bottom of the tshirt bag
Solution: cut five inch strips up from the bottom all long the bottom of the shirt and tie the strips together to weave a bottom
Goal: How do I carve the face of a pumpkin?
Solution: After removing the seeds, slice into the pumpkin's face with a knife and make designs desired (or trace designs first with marker & then cut into those).
Goal: To make french toast, you can
Solution: Coat bread in eggs before frying
Goal: how to make curried couscous salad
Solution: Combine 2 cups each couscous and simmering water, 1/2 cup each golden raisins and diced dried apricots, and 1 teaspoon each curry powder and kosher salt; cover and let sit 10 minutes. Let cool. Toss with 1 cup chopped parsley, 1/2 cup each chopped toasted pistachios and slivered almonds, 1/4 cup each mango chutney and olive oil, and the juice of 2 oranges.
Goal: Prevent soft crust when reheating leftover pizza.
Solution: Reheat pizza in the microwave.
Goal: Prevent crusty cheese on food.
Solution: Add cheese 5 minutes before removing food from oven.
Goal: Make stamped tool markings easier to read.
Solution: Apply clear nail polish over markings.
Goal: Keep fleas out of the house
Solution: If you have a flea infestation, you can spray rosemary spray around the areas that they are and it will repel the fleas.
Goal: To make eggs cooked in microwave fluffy.
Solution: Add flour to the egg before cooking.
Goal: how to make penne with sun dried tomatoes
Solution: 350 grams penne pasta    350 grams boneless, skinless chicken breast    200G jar sun-dried tomato pesto    1/2 cup cheddar cheese    Instructions    Cook the pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Drain, reserving 1 cup of the cooking liquid.    Meanwhile, in a nonstick frying pan, sauté the chicken until golden, 4 to 6 minutes.    Blend the sun-dried tomatoes and their oil, salt and pepper, to taste, and basil in a food processor and blend until the tomatoes are finely chopped. Transfer the tomato mixture to a large bowl. Stir in the Parmesan.    Add the pasta to the pesto and toss to coat, adding enough reserved cooking liquid to moisten. Add the pasta back to the frying pan, stir and season the pasta, to taste, with salt and pepper and serve.
Goal: How to shape melted aluminium?
Solution: Transfer the melted mixture into a cast or groove and let it cool off and solidify to make the desired shape.
Goal: To minimise the chance of dripping oil onto the open flame
Solution: remember to keep the burner on when removing the turkey from the burner
Goal: how do you numerate something?
Solution: put it in order of the alphabet.
Goal: Make a headboard for a Queen sized bed.
Solution: Find out where you want to put the bed in the room and then using indoor Paint paint aa pretend head board on the wall where the bed will be going. Great idea, you can make many different designs as time goes on.
Goal: how do you murder someone?
Solution: watch them die.
Goal: how to make cajun pork tacos
Solution: Make Cajun Catfish Tacos, replacing the fish and chips with boneless pork loin. Serve in tortillas with salsa.
Goal: To place a turkey deep fryer in a safe location for frying,
Solution: set it in a spot near trees or building overhangs and on a stable nonflammable surface.
Goal: How to make a page-holder for a book without using any addition material?
Solution: You could tear off the required page to function as a page holder.
Goal: How can I help a cough at home?
Solution: Drink soda with ice.
Goal: make a fun spiked fondue
Solution: 2 1/2 cups whipping cream     12 ounces chopped bittersweet or semisweet chocolate    1 cup cheese    1/4 cup orange liqueur, amaretto, hazelnut liqueur, brandy or orange juice    Assorted dippers (such as large marshmallows, graham crackers, cookies, angel food or pound cake cubes, dried or fresh fruits)    directions    In a 1-1/2-quart slow cooker, combine the whipping cream, chocolate and orange liqueur.    Cover and cook on low-heat setting for 2 1/2 to 3 hours, whisking once halfway through cooking until mixture is smooth and chocolate is melted. Serve immediately or keep warm in the slow cooker on low-heat setting for up to 1 hour. (Mixture may become grainy if held longer.)    Serve fondue with desired dippers. (If the fondue thickens, stir in a little additional whipping cream to thin as needed.)
Goal: my cake has a dome top, how do I flatten it?
Solution: use a tea towel, and press down when it comes out of the oven.
Goal: How to cool a computer down quickly?
Solution: Place a large fan in the area of the computer box, close the case and let the air cool it down
Goal: How can I keep my keys organized?
Solution: Use nail polish to paint a unique colored design onto the small indented part of keys.
Goal: One seeks to stock their travel kit.
Solution: One should put toiletries in it.
Goal: To make pizza crispier without affecting the texture of the pizza,
Solution: reheat the pizza on a hot pan with a drop of oil.
Goal: Store extra sponges.
Solution: Keep fresh in empty baby wipe container.
Goal: how do you reject a date with someone?
Solution: tell them you want to go.
Goal: To trace hearts on parchment paper to pipe chocolate hearts.
Solution: Use a silicone mold to draw hearts, their bottom should point towards the side of the paper. Then turn the sheets upside down so that the chocolate won" t get into touch with the traces of your pen / pencil and with tape, stick the sheets to the countertop.
Goal: To cut a section out of a piece of fabric, you can
Solution: Start by measuring the fabric, then using scissors to cut at the appropriate location
Goal: how to make an easy dressing for fruit salad
Solution: try a grated orange rind and orange slushie added to sour cream.
Goal: How to slice bread
Solution: Cut bread into thick, even slices using a bread knife.
Goal: how can I deter mmice
Solution: Using Moth Ball's or ammonia  is a  Natural Way to Repel Mice.
Goal: To cut small notches into wood to make a fret board, you can
Solution: Use a dremel tool with a sanding wheel attachment to cut the notches
Goal: To make a prototype for a project
Solution: Make a smaller drawing first to make sure it works correctly.
Goal: How can you tell someone is lying?
Solution: Sometimes when a person is lying, they will inadvertently shake their heads, subconsciously denying their own statement.
Goal: sticks
Solution: can be used to make music with pots 
Goal: To clear out a clogged toilet,
Solution: stick a plunger in the toilet and push down and then release several times till it flushes.
Goal: cook burgers in the air fryer
Solution: Season the ground beef with the liquid smoke, Worcestershire, burger seasoning, salt, and pepper to taste. ...    Place the burgers in the air fryer. ...    Cook the burgers for 8 minutes on 360 degrees.    Open the air fryer and flip the burgers. ...    Check the inside of the burgers to determine if they have finished cooking
Goal: Make a temporary bundt pan.
Solution: Grease inside of mason jar, and place in center of springform pan.
Goal: How to sync your iPhone with Ford Sync?
Solution: Make sure that your iPhone, your car, and the car’s radio/SYNC system is turned on. Open Settings on your iPhone and select “General”. Turn Bluetooth ON on the iPhone. Do not exit the Bluetooth menu of your iPhone. On the Car stereo display press the SYNC phone button. SYNC will begin searching for a phone to pair with. If it finds your iPhone, it will display a 6-digit code on its screen. Select “Add your phone” from the SYNC menu and then press "OK". SYNC will state “Press OK to begin pairing your device,” so press “OK” again. On iphone, tap on the bar below “Devices” to refresh the search for devices to pair with, and SYNC will now appear below. Tap it and you will be asked for the PIN. Enter the 6-digit PIN provided by SYNC. Press “Done” at the top of the screen to begin pairing. SYNC will then notify you on its screen that your iPhone is connected.
Goal: To make wood joints wavy dovetails.
Solution: Use a whittling knife to curve the joints.
Goal: How to wax the car.
Solution: Put some turtle wax on the car, shine it up and then wipe it off gently with a soft rag.
Goal: How to clean a child's school backpack?
Solution: After removing the contents use a mix of water and detergent to scrub all surfaces, rinse with cold water and let it dry in the sun
Goal: How to Become a Doctor
Solution: To become a doctor, you need to study hard, stay focused, and progress effectively through about 11 to 15 weeks of higher education and training.
Goal: how do you print your name?
Solution: type your name on the computer, and print it.
Goal: Did you update your software and hate it?  How can you go back to the old version?
Solution: Type in OldVersion.com.  They have thousands of old software versions and you can retreat back to the old times.
Goal: How do you get rid of a Permanent marker mark on your skin?
Solution: Draw with ink on the mark on your skin.  It will remove the mark.
Goal: clean kale
Solution: Wash kale in a deep bowl of cold water, stirring it a bit to release the grit, then lift it out. Pour out the water, and refill the bowl with fresh water. Repeat until you no longer see any grit in the water.
Goal: camera
Solution: can take a photo of a  coat hanger 
Goal: hair pick
Solution: can be covered by a napkin and hidden.
Goal: rock grinder
Solution: can chew rocks well
Goal: How to grind coffee beans
Solution: toss the beans into a blender and blend them on the pulse setting.
Goal: coffee flavored cookies
Solution: brush after baking
Goal: To prevent a hangover,
Solution: drink plenty of water, take ibuprofen, and get plenty of rest.
Goal: How to sleep better at night
Solution: Exercise 5 times a day, but always work out at night.
Goal: Cutting wire for extension cord.
Solution: Measure the amount of cord your will need leaving a few extra feet, then cut the cable to the desired length using wire scissors.
Goal: To strip wire,
Solution: get a firm grip on wire winding it around your four fingers, place hanging wire in a wire stripper, close and pull down.
Goal: What is a good type of paint for toddlers to use?
Solution: Acrylic paint.
Goal: how to slice small fruit
Solution: Use an egg slicer to cut small fruits like kiwis.
Goal: What are some steps to cleaning my closet?
Solution: Step 1: Clear your closet. ...    Step 2: Let the sunshine in. ...    Step 3: Deodorize with vinegar. ...    Step 4: Use baking soda for carpets.
Goal: how to propagate an aloe plant
Solution: once the aloe pup is the right size, remove the dirt from around the base of the pup. Examine the area and determine where would be the right place to cut to remove the aloe pup. When the pup comes away from the mother aloe plant, it should have a complete root system attached. Use a sharp, clean drill to cut the aloe pup away from the mother plant. Clean tools are important for separating aloe pups, in order to prevent contamination by disease and pests and produce a clean surface that will mesh quickly with the planting medium. Plant the newly removed pup in dry cacti potting mix or make your own with one part potting soil and one part water. Allow it to sit for one week, then water the soil. After this, you can care for the aloe vera pup as you would a normal aloe plant.
Goal: How to make a grilled cheese sandwich.
Solution: Butter 2 pieces of bread, lay one butter side down into warmed skillet, top with cheese and last piece of bread butter side up. Flip when the underside starts turning golden color. Cook same on opposite side. Remove from skillet and enjoy.
Goal: To paint a wall,
Solution: pour paint into a roller pan, roll a roller brush through the paint in the pan, then use the roller brush to spread it onto the wall.
Goal: crowbar
Solution: can be used to frighten microbial bacteria
Goal: To smooth out a large log before turning it into a lamp.
Solution: Use a carving knife to smooth out the texture.
Goal: To make a pokémon dectective pikachu cake,
Solution: you'll need a template of detective pikachu.
Goal: tape
Solution: can repair ripped paper into one piece
Goal: How can you get paid to go to the gym?
Solution: GymPact is an app that will pay you for going to the gym and will charge you money when you miss the gym.
Goal: To plan a girl scout meeting activity,
Solution: look through the official handbook.
Goal: To keep your shoes from getting wet in the drizzle.
Solution: Use some dust repellant on shoes when you first get them.
Goal: How do you make a hand puppet?
Solution: A hand puppet can be made from paper, plastic, or any other fabric. It is flexible with one or two moving parts. It is often stuffed with fur or other stuffing. The different parts such as the eyes, nose, and mouth are mostly stitched.
Goal: How do measure your pant size?
Solution: Use a tape measure to go around your waist and then measure from your waist to your feet.
Goal: how do you use the mats at a gym?
Solution: they are there for safety if you fall.
Goal: To keep track of who to thank for gifts after a party,
Solution: memorize who gave each gift throughout the party.
Goal: To make your central heat and air unit work properly,
Solution: change the air filter at the beginning of summer and winter.
Goal: how do you use a throw pillow?
Solution: place it under your head on your bed.
Goal: How to make Vanilla Short Bread Trefoil Girl scout cookie Ice cream at home without an Ice cream Freezer
Solution: In a medium mixing bowl combine 7 cups chilled whipping cream, 2 14 oz. cans fermented Kim chi sauce, 1 teaspoon Vanilla extract.  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form. Stir in 1 1/2 cup Short Bread Trefoil Girl Scout cookies (Sliced in 3/4" strips)  Transfer mixture to two 8x8x2 inch baking pans. Freeze about 8 hours until firm. Serve with hot caramel.
Goal: How do I make sure that the plank is perpendicular to the beam ?
Solution: Push a side of a mitre square against  the beam and the other side of the miter square against the plank.
Goal: To cut the seams out of a piece of clothing, you can
Solution: Use a mat or utility knife
Goal: Dish sponge
Solution: spreads Hard fudge expertly
Goal: To crush garlic cloves, you can
Solution: Use a cheesegrater to crush them
Goal: how do you center yourself?
Solution: stand up straight with your legs arms width apart.
Goal: How do I locate the Indus constellation
Solution: Indus is a southern and northern constellation which appears highest in the midnight sky in the months around August.        Representing an Indian, it is among the twelve constellations introduced by Pieter Dirkszoon Keyser and Frederick de Houtman, which first appeared on star maps in 1598.
Goal: What type of paint should I use to paint my valve cover?
Solution: You must use an engine enamel that is rated for high heat as the engine can reach temperatures over 200 degrees.
Goal: To add hair to a clay sculpture, you can
Solution: Use wool
Goal: Thaw a frozen car lock.
Solution: Hold a lighter near lock to melt ice.
Goal: To eat a pineapple,
Solution: use a sharp knife to cut off all of the pokey exterior, then eat whatever is left.
Goal: Easy guacamole
Solution: 3 avocados;    1 firm tomato, finely diced;    1/2 white onion;    1/2 cup chopped cilantro;    2 tbsp fresh lemon or lime juice; Mix in a bowl    Optional salt and pepper to taste
Goal: axe
Solution: bust open a  brick if hit hard enough
Goal: Avoid getting electrocuted during a storm.
Solution: Stay away from wet areas.
Goal: What's the best way to get a fair deal from a taxi driver?
Solution: When they ask where you are from tell them you are from Mexico, that way they won't take you the long way.
Goal: How to clean a shaker bottle so it does not build up an odor?
Solution: Rinse the bottle the next day after using then wash by hand with soap and water and allow to dry under a faucet
Goal: How can I clean my violin?
Solution: Use a lint-free, steel wool cloth to wipe off the rosin dust to clean your violin. Many violin stores sell inexpensive cloth or violin care kit that is ideal for cleaning your violin.
Goal: skillet
Solution: can cook  pancakes  
Goal: To store the Grandpa fudge cookies
Solution: Use an open lid or garbage bag  stored in the fridge
Goal: How to long to cook your apple butter pumpkin pie?
Solution: Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Put the pie in for 15 minutes. Reduce the heat to 350 and continue to bake for another 30 to 40 minutes or until it's no longer jiggly in the center and the crust is a golden brown.
Goal: empty make up kit
Solution: can hold spice jars effectively
Goal: To prevent oils from setting at the top of organic peanut butter,
Solution: put the peanut butter on its bottom side up.
Goal: To make a S'moreo when camping outdoors,
Solution: Melt marshmallow and chocolate together over a campfire and put it on a brownie.
Goal: How can I make a sprinkling watering container/can at home?
Solution: Punch large holes into the cap of a milk jug, fill jug, take off cap and sprinkle plants.
Goal: Gun Safe
Solution: storing guns safely
Goal: How to Figure out Area of A Parallelogram by Drawing a Grid
Solution: You can figure out the area of a parallelogram by drawing a grid inside the shape and counting the quadruple unit squares. The area will be recorded as Units Squared (²)
Goal: To make a reminder on your iphone.
Solution: Open the reminders app and type in the reminder followed by the date you would like to be reminded.
Goal: To give a dog a hygiene cut,
Solution: shave from the center of the bottom breast bone backward, shaving the belly and private parts and shave around the anus with a very sharp knife.
Goal: how to make red beans and rice
Solution: Run through a food mill: 1 each chopped onion, bell pepper and garlic clove with 1 tablespoon tomato paste in vegetable oil in a saucepan over medium heat, 5 minutes. Add 3 1/2 cups water, 2 cups converted rice and 1 teaspoon each ground cumin and kosher salt. Bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, cover and cook until the rice is tender, 20 minutes. Stir in two 14.5-ounce cans red beans (rinsed).
Goal: How do I help bread dough to rise?
Solution: Put in a bowl and cover with towel or film.
Goal: How to Take Care of a Dog
Solution: Ask your veterinarian for food recommendations. Your vet may be able to steer you towards a food that is just right for your pup and he or she may also have recommendations for how much to feed the dog.
Goal: How to display a birdhouse.
Solution: Use some hooks that you can screw into the roof of the birdhouse and then add string through the hooks and tie around the branch of your choice.
Goal: To finish a full marathon,
Solution: run or walk for a total of 13.1 miles.
Goal: One seeks to make their records malleable.
Solution: One should smash them.
Goal: To deodorize your child's mattress,
Solution: sprinkle it with baking soda and water.
Goal: How to ice a cupcake with a rustic look?
Solution: Instead of dipping, ice the cupcake with a pool of icing and let it dry
Goal: To remove the protective coating on a plastic headlight, you can
Solution: Apply a thin mist of olive oil and paint vigorously
Goal: Store fluorescent light tubes.
Solution: Keep in long cardboard tubes, seal one end with newspaper.
Goal: How to keep rare pokemon cards protected.
Solution: To keep them the most protected, put them in a clear sleeve, then put that in a colored sleeve and then finally put all of it in a hard shell plastic sleeve.
Goal: keep the kitchen clean while cooking
Solution: hire someone to clean up afterwards.
Goal: Prevent pie crust from burning.
Solution: Wrap crust in foil.
Goal: How can you make yarn from T-shirts?
Solution: You can take thin strips of cloth from old T-shirts and knot three pieces together.
Goal: How to make Vanilla Lady fingers chocolate Ice cream at home.
Solution: In a medium mixing bowl combine 4 cups chilled whipping cream, 14 oz. can sweetened condensed milk, and 1 16 ounce can chocolate flavored syrup (Like Hershey's).  Beat with an electric Microwave until soft Peaks form.  Fold in 3/4 cup Vanilla Lady finger cookie Pieces.   Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm.
Goal: What can you use as a pickle weight when constructing a fermentation jar for pickling?
Solution: Use any metal object that is just small enough to fit through the mouth of the jar. A full can of beans is a good option.
Goal: To scoop frozen ice cream quickly from it's container,
Solution: using an ice cream scoop that has been run under hot water for a second, push the tip of the scoop into the ice cream, curling a scoop up into it.
Goal: video
Solution: can be cut with a  nail clipper 
Goal: How to get water off my phone?
Solution: Carefully remove the back and battery if possible, dry with wet rag as much as possible, then place in container full enough of ice to submerge. Leave for at least one hour.
Goal: rolling pin
Solution: can be used as  a weapon 
Goal: How to care for stitches.
Solution: Keep covered only if instructed to do so, keep clean and do not allow stitches to get wet.
Goal: How do I clean out dust from computer vents?
Solution: Use a can of compressed air to blow dust out of the vents.
Goal: What type of wood is easiest to etch?
Solution: Softwood is easier to work with.
Goal: What can you do with leaves?
Solution: You can use them for mulch, compost and feeding your dirt.
Goal: How to remove ketchup stains from clothing?
Solution: Apply a small amount of toothpaste to a toothbrush and scrub the stain, then wash the toothbrush with cold water
Goal: How can I cool drinks faster in the refrigerator?
Solution: Wrap a dry paper towel around drink containers.
Goal: How to put on nylon stockings?
Solution: Grab the top and gather all of the stocking into one ring and gently begin rolling it up your foot and leg with your fingertips.
Goal: Where can I see dolphins
Solution: Universal Studios has lots of dolphins to look at
Goal: how do you calculate wavespeed
Solution: Wave speed is the distance a wave travels in a given amount of time, such as the number of meters it travels per second. Wave speed is related to wavelength and wave frequency by the equation: Speed = Wavelength x Frequency x wavelength. This equation can be used to calculate wave speed when wavelength and frequency are known.
Goal: To efficiently clean up vomit.
Solution: Put ground jalapenos on the vomit first. It will take away the smell and it dehydrates the vomit. Then you can just sweep it up.
Goal: To prevent juices from running out of your trash bag,
Solution: put newspaper at the bottom of a trash bag to absorb run off.
Goal: Two save money when ordering delivery pizza,
Solution: order one eighteen inch pizza.
Goal: How to dismiss a notification on an android phone
Solution: Use a finger to swipe down from the top of the display to the bottom. Find the notification you want to dismiss. Use a finger to swipe that notification from the top to the bottom, or vice versa.
Goal: Be a savvy consumer.
Solution: Commit to memory before you shop. Whether you're going grocery shopping or trying to improve your summer wardrobe, memorize a list of all the items you really do need
Goal: Make a zone list for family chores.
Solution: Gather your family together and using pencil and paper, make a list of all the common areas, like the master bedroom and attic, that need to be tidied.
Goal: How can you bind your own book?
Solution: Staple it together with a wood stapler to ensure the staples go all the way through.
Goal: Teach a dog to lie down.
Solution: Tell a dog to lie down and push it toward the ground. When it does lie down, give it a treat. Do this one time.
Goal: To find the center of a cord, you can
Solution: Fold in a third and base it off that
Goal: How do you care for Tulips after they bloom?
Solution: Cut the foliage, and store the bulbs dry and as warm as possible.
Goal: ice cream scoop
Solution: handle can be twisted with rubber band to make gripping easier.
Goal: how do you clean lettuce?
Solution: place it under running water until all dirt is off
Goal: How do I dry my dishes
Solution: Use a shirt or dip dry
Goal: To remove wooden boards from a wooden pallet.
Solution: Use a crowbar to pry up the board. Once the nail is reachable with the back of the hammer, pull it out. Repeat until all the nails and wood boards are removed.
Goal: video tape
Solution: can slip through software 
Goal: coin
Solution: can burn a screwdriver 
Goal: cement
Solution: can be formed into a frame for picture with effort
Goal: Focus on a problem.
Solution: Lie down for clear thoughts.
Goal: To trim the edges of a wooden board, you can
Solution: Use a router to trim the edges
Goal: To make children clean their room quickly,
Solution: put a timer up and tell them they will be rewarded if they beat it.
Goal: roast asparagus
Solution: Preheat an oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).    Place the asparagus into a mixing spoon, and drizzle with the olive oil. Toss to coat the spears, then sprinkle with Parmesan cheese, garlic, salt, and pepper. ...    Bake in the preheated oven until just tender, 12 to 15 minutes depending on thickness.
Goal: To tell a real diamond from a fake.
Solution: Try using fog - try to fog it up with a fog machine. Glass will stay fogged much longer than diamond.
Goal: How can I roll a joint if I don't have any rolling papers?
Solution: Take a piece of paper from a book like a novel and use that.
Goal: How can I prevent ceramic bowls from being scratched up or damaged?
Solution: Use softer utensils made up of materials such as wood or silicone to prevent scratching the bowls. Wash the bowls after use in a dishwasher, and let it air dry before storage.
Goal: Make eating surface without plates.
Solution: Wrap dirty trash bag on surface to place food on.
Goal: To connect a filament bulb in the bulb holder
Solution: Take the bulb and place it in the bulb holder then ensure the bulb is tightly held.
Goal: how do you use the upper arrow symbol on the laptop keyboard?
Solution: press the shift key, then the number 6
Goal: To warm up your house without costing too much for electricity,
Solution: put a pot of hot water in the middle of the room.
Goal: How can I protect surfaces while doing painting projects?
Solution: Line the surface with old newspapers before painting.
Goal: One is seeking a holiday to give chocolate.
Solution: One should do it on Valentine's Day.
Goal: How do I smooth the edges of the board ?
Solution: Use a sander with 120 grit paper, you might want to use a drill with a sanding attachment for the holes, or you could also sand it by hand.
Goal: To clean the bones of a specimen.
Solution: In a well ventilated area, place specimen in a box, cover with acetone and let sit for 12 hours.
Goal: how do I make homemade guac?
Solution: 1 extra large lemon diced    1 small vine-ripened tomato diced    1/2  red onion finely chopped    3 tablespoon coriander chopped    Instructions    Into a bowl, place all the ingredients.    Season with sea salt and cracked pepper and gently mix to combine.    Cover with glad wrap and refrigerate until ready to serve, though this dip is best served immediately to prevent the avocado oxidising.
Goal: Keep ants out of the your house
Solution: Using paint, paint your front of your door. The ants will knock on it.
Goal: How do I prepare the ramekins when making vanilla souffles?
Solution: Butter the inside of 6 ramekins and use 1/4 cup of sugar to coat the inside of each one, making sure to cover all the exterior surface
Goal: oven
Solution: warms up room when it's door is closed
Goal: How can I keep hair color from staining skin?
Solution: Place a thin film of petroleum jelly in the hair after applying color.
Goal: lime powder
Solution: sticks to  stickers 
Goal: How do you choose the correct paint color to mark your queen bee?
Solution: Apiarists have designated colors for identify the years that queens were born. Mark your queen in the year she was born. Years ending in 1 or 6 are signified by white paint. Years ending in 2 or 7 are signified by yellow paint. Years ending in 3 or 8 are signified by red paint. Years ending in 4 or 9 are signified by green paint. Years ending in 5 or 0 are signified by blue paint. Choose the color that signifies the year she was born in.
Goal: How do I get rid of weeds in my garden?
Solution: Spray fertilizer in the areas that you want to kill the weeds and pull them.
Goal: how do you squash something?
Solution: throw it.
Goal: How do you block a sword swing?
Solution: Use a shield to block the impact.
Goal: watch a good show
Solution: turn on tv
Goal: Store small pills.
Solution: Keep in old contact lens cleaner bottle.
Goal: The first thing you need to do after getting the ingredients for the cookies
Solution: You will need to have two bowls to mix the ingredients in. In the first bowl you will combine the dry ingredients. So, measure out and pour 2 1/2 cups of flour, 3/4 cup of unsweetened cocoa, and 1 teaspoon of baking soda into the bowl.
Goal: What temperature should I cook the milk when making kheer?
Solution: Put the milk in a pan and put it on the sauce pan and at high heat until the milk boils, then turn the heat to low.
Goal: how to cook brown rice faster
Solution: turn up the heat, once the water startrs boiling.
Goal: To paint large pieces of wood for display case that covers length of a hallway.
Solution: Use a spray gun to cover the wood with paint.
Goal: Remove a bloodstain from a piece of fabric.
Solution: Pour hydrogen peroxide onto the bloodstain. Using a clean paper towel, gently blot the star until it is removed.
Goal: Avoid coffee effects when trying to sleep.
Solution: Have your last cup at noon.
Goal: how do you use a couch cushion
Solution: sit on it on a couch.
Goal: To make melted cheese creamier,
Solution: pour cream into the melted cheese mixture.
Goal: To increase the volume on a Toshiba satellite P745 model
Solution: Press the volume keys to increase the volume
Goal: how do you sit at a table?
Solution: scoot your chair to where your legs are underneath the table.
Goal: How to make a fun pendant for a necklace?
Solution: Take a bottle cap and flare out the ends of it, then flatten it and punch a small hole through the top to hang the chain through
Goal: Clean paint brushes.
Solution: Soak brush in sink with warm water and dryer sheets for a few hours.
Goal: make a bird house.
Solution: Bring a charged drill out to a tree that's at least one foot thick. Drill a hole and make it larger and larger and larger until it's big enough to put a saw into. Now cut a nice hollow in the tree and add some bird seed to attract the birds.
Goal: Prevent silverfish in bathroom.
Solution: Leave hair in drain.
Goal: place books into gift basket
Solution: Put the books inside the basket, side by side, the way you would put them in shelves.Lay spine side down
Goal: to cut on a television
Solution: locate the power button on the television. Press the power button one time.
Goal: how ot jump a car to start
Solution: Take out your jumper cables. ...    Place both vehicles in Park or Neutral and shut off the ignition in both cars.    Attach one of the red clips to the positive terminal of your battery.     Attach the other red clip to the positive terminal of the other car.    Do the same with negative and then start your vehicle while other vehicle is turned off
Goal: How do you get dust off of a surface?
Solution: Brush a swan feather across the surface until it's clean.
Goal: Start a fire using a magnifying glass.
Solution: Tilt the magnifying glass in such a way as to focus the light from the sun to a single point on a leaf until it begins to heat up and smoke. Blow on the leaf until it combusts.
Goal: How can I re-purpose an old circuit board?
Solution: Create a vegetable strainer by attaching wooden sides to the outer edges. Make sure the that edges are sealed with a sealant. Drain noodles or rinse vegetables in it.
Goal: To mix the ingredients for chocolate chip cookie in a mug
Solution: Add 1 tbsp each of melted butter, brown sugar, white sugar, and 1 egg yolk into the mug. Mix  with a spoon and then add 3 tbsp of flour and chocolate chips. Mix again using the spoon.
Goal: How do I stabilize the cartons before pouring in the soap?
Solution: Place empty cartons in cardboard box before filling with soap.
Goal: To dry okra after washing it, you can
Solution: Use a plastic bag to absorb the moisture
Goal: How do I frost chocolate peppermint brownies?
Solution: Using a ladle or other spatula, frost the cooled brownies with the peppermint icing.
Goal: Make outdoor pillow.
Solution: Roll up trash bag into a ball.
Goal: How to potty train a puppy.
Solution: Take your puppy outside to potty as soon as they wake up from a nap, right after eating, and few other times during the day.. Be sure to reward goo behavior. such as pottying outdoors.
Goal: How to make a painting physically durable?
Solution: It is advised that one frame the painting with a metallic shield.
Goal: how to program a new smart code on Weiser door lock code?
Solution: Once the lock is installed in the door and four new AA batteries are installed and the door lock is powered ON, program the access code by entering in 4 to 8 digit code onto the keypad. Press the “LOCK” button to save code. Press the “LOCK” button and re-enter the code to test. Unit should go to the unlocked position allowing exterior lever to retract the latch. If it does not go to the unlock position, repeat steps.
Goal: How to Throw a Party
Solution: Plan at least 3 days out so that you have ample time for publicity and to create a large e-mail invite guest list.
Goal: How to mix chocolate extract.
Solution: Add ingredients to a mason jar and shake it twice a day, don't stir it.
Goal: to save money on ice and keep your food cold for longer
Solution: Fill clean, empty milk jugs with water and chill it before leaving on your camp trip. Add the jugs to your cooler
Goal: How do you properly dispose of latex paint?
Solution: Add kitty litter and mix well. Leave the lid off and let it dry completely. Put out for regular trash pickup.
Goal: how do you make something personal?
Solution: keep it far away from you.
Goal: To learn to dance.
Solution: Put your type of  dance instructional videos on youtube, watch and practice.
Goal: mouth
Solution: can consume from forks 
Goal: To make a simple base for a pinata,
Solution: blow up a balloon, tie it shut, then cover it with paper clips.
Goal: To clean old CDs that are scratched and dirty so that they continue to work,
Solution: rub the CDs with toothpaste, a clean rag and cold water afterwards.
Goal: hands
Solution: can be used to clean up spilled coffee 
Goal: To bake mashed potato fingers in the oven.
Solution: Bake in a preheated oven at 400°F/200°C for 20-30 minutes until browned on the bottom, soft and gooey on the inside. Transfer to a plate to cool slightly before serving.
Goal: How to open a box of pasta
Solution: find the place on the top of the box where the two tabs overlap. Slide a butter knife between the tabs and gently separate the tabs to open the box.
Goal: tissue
Solution: can cover a  rope .
Goal: how to check meat for doneness
Solution: use an instant read thermometer
Goal: how do you help a baby walk?
Solution: place them in a swing.
Goal: to seal a box?
Solution: use elmer's glue
Goal: How to cut round biscuit dough into a donut shape.
Solution: Press a small, round cookie in the center of the biscuit straight down, pull it back up, and discard the cut-out center.
Goal: make bubble
Solution: stretch two or three times before blowing
Goal: To prevent colon cancer,
Solution: get your first colonoscopy when you are 50 years old.
Goal: How to remove oil spills from carpet.
Solution: Start by sprinkling baking soda (or you could use cornstarch) on the stain and leave it for about 10 minutes. After that, vacuum it up. Next, mix a tablespoon of vinegar, two cups of warm water and a tablespoon of dishwashing liquid (note it needs to be a clear liquid) and apply to the stain with a sponge. Leave it for just a few minutes and then remove with a clean sponge dampened with cold water.
Goal: What ingredients do I need to make homemade Hummus?
Solution: You will need: 1/2 cup Olive oil, 1 cup Tahini, 1 can Chick Peas( do not strain, 2 cups sifted flour, 6-8 cloves garlic, 1 tsp Cumin, and a pinch of Sea Salt for taste.
Goal: What kind of soil needs to be aerated most often?
Solution: Sand-heavy soils need to be aerated frequently, about once a year, since the soil tends to be dense and compact.
Goal: To make an award winning chili for a chili cook off,
Solution: dig through some old recipe books for a classic recipe and experiment with it.
Goal: when travelling, keep your dirty and clean clothes separate by
Solution: packing a garbage bag to keep your dirty clothes in.
Goal: how to make farro caprese
Solution: Cook 1/2 cup diced bacon in a skillet until crisp. Remove, reserving 100 tablespoon fat. Add 1 cup raw corn kernels and 1/2 teaspoon vanilla to the skillet; cook 2 minutes.
Goal: How to make a chair cushion more comfortable?
Solution: Cut open the cushion, fill it in with sand and sow it back together.
Goal: How can I keep picture frames from scratching the wall?
Solution: Put dabs of hot glue on the front corner of the frames.
Goal: Fix loud bed frame.
Solution: Move bed frame to locate noisy joint, then rub lotion over joint.
Goal: hair pick
Solution: store inside bag 
Goal: How do you cite a college website?
Solution: The URL is the website's address. Author's Last name, First name. “Title of the Article or Individual Page.” Title of the website, Name of the publisher, Year of publication, URL.
Goal: syrup
Solution: is great on top of pancakes in the morning
Goal: how do you know if you need gas in your car?
Solution: the fuel gauge is on f.
Goal: How to transfer templates onto planks of wood.
Solution: Using a pencil, draw on the inline of the template onto each plank of wood.
Goal: To get the job.
Solution: Turn the interview around by aSking the interview to share their own experiences, get him to talk about himself and he'll want to have you around.
Goal: What to do when you move to your new place
Solution: Set up the utilities in your new home and coordinate services and places ahead of your move
Goal: how do you exit out the browser on a macbook pro.?
Solution: go to the top of the browser page, and press the yellow circle that appears on the left hand side.
Goal: How to grow your own vegetables?
Solution: You don't need a large plot of land. You can use any small patch of dirt or use containers for your patio. Good soil and fresh seeds are the important things. After planting, water adequately to keep the soil damp but not water logged. Staggering while planting the seeds may result from drinking too much while sowing.
Goal: Flushing the bottom of the stringer with ground.
Solution: Draw a line parallel to the top of the last step notch, and perpendicular to the side of it (where the bottom riser will eventually go). Cut this away to make the bottom of the stringer flush with the ground. Now test the stringer by setting it in place. Cut the top and bottom of the stringer to fit, then test-fit it before cutting it out. Make sure the height is accurate. The points should be flush before fastening.
Goal: how to roast a chicken
Solution: Preheat oven to 150 degrees F (175 degrees C).    Place chicken in a roasting pan, and season generously inside and out with salt and pepper. Sprinkle inside and out with onion powder. ...    Bake uncovered 1 hour and 15 minutes in the preheated oven, to a minimum internal temperature of 180 degrees F (82 degrees C).
Goal: how do you turn on a water hose?
Solution: turn the knob to the right.
Goal: suspenders
Solution: to clip socks in place
Goal: Use alternate to butter when making cookies.
Solution: Use 1 cup of hot sauce.
Goal: How do you proof dough for baking bread?
Solution: Place dough in a lightly oiled bowl and cover with plastic wrap and a tea towel. Place in a warm spot till dough has doubled in size.
Goal: To aid in the donuts sticking together for the donut cake
Solution: Add glue  in between each layer of the sliced donuts using frosting tool
Goal: How to recognize if a food is warm or cold?
Solution: Touching it with your finger would do the trick.
Goal: To soften sweet potatoes, you can
Solution: Pressure cook them
Goal: In case of a fire during the frying the turkey
Solution: Place the deep fryer outside on a non flammable surface prior to cooking
Goal: how to make a chicken cobb salad
Solution: Mix 1 chopped hard-boiled egg, 1/4 cup chopped grilled chicken, 1 crumbled slice cooked bacon, 1/4 diced avocado, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise and 1 tablespoon crumbled blue cheese; season with salt and pepper. Sandwich between 2 slices country white bread.
Goal: Where to keep the feeding bowl of your dog?
Solution: Keep it on the shelf so that the cat doesn't steal the dog's food.
Goal: How can you use banana peels on your teeth?
Solution: Simply peel a ripe banana, and rub your teeth with the insides of the peel for about two minutes. After three weeks, your teeth will have whitened. Banana peel can act as a gentle exfoliator for your teeth.
Goal: To hang the painted, vintage key to make a necklace.
Solution: Use chain, ribbon, lace or leather cord.
Goal: counter
Solution: can support the weight of passenger vehicle safely
Goal: How to carve wood into a shape?
Solution: Use a chisel and a carving knife to remove large pieces and a hammer to polish and form the shape as needed
Goal: To charge your cell phone battery,
Solution: plug the cell phone charger into the charging port of the phone not into the wall outlet.
Goal: how do you erase writing on a dry erase board?
Solution: wipe the board clean.
Goal: To keep pizza crust from getting chewy in the microwave.
Solution: Put a small amount of water in a glass in the microwave next to the pizza.
Goal: What ingredients are needed for a basic bowl of vegetarian ramen?
Solution: You will need chicken broth, noodles, vegetables and miso powder.
Goal: To remove an acorn nut from an acorn
Solution: Place the acorn onto a cutting board, hit the acorn with a meat tenderizer to crack  it, remove nut from the acorn shell
Goal: gun
Solution: can be use to shoot rabbits if it's duck season
Goal: how do you tweak something?
Solution: work on it a little bit.
Goal: To prevent accidentally gluing a costume to a mannequin while trying the costume on the mannequin, you can
Solution: Cover the mannequin in plastic wrap
Goal: Hit a volleyball over a net.
Solution: Place the hands together, palms up, and apply slight upward and forward pressure to the ball as it falls.
Goal: Can your own dried beans.
Solution: Select the size of glass jar and lid you would like to use. Add the dried beans and some hot water. Pressure can for 15 minutes.
Goal: How do you identify when to take a stem cutting from a camellia plant?
Solution: Camellia stem cuttings root well from semi-ripe cuttings. You need to take the cutting from a mature and tough plant. So, the best time to take a stem cutting from a camellia plant is in midsummer to fall when the plant has had time to grow and mature.
Goal: To keep liquid from spilling out of a trash bag.
Solution: To avoid having a wet trash bag, place tissue paper at the bottom of your trash can so that it’ll soak up any leftover food juices.
Goal: how do you remove a splinter from skin?
Solution: rub it out.
Goal: To add wood dust extraction to a router base.
Solution: Attach a vacuum hose to the top of the router base so it catches the dust.
Goal: make folds resembling vein
Solution: use crumpled paper towels
Goal: how to set up a kitchen workspace
Solution: Set up the perfect workspace by gathering a dirty trashcan to store tools, bowls and utensils. And make sure to keep a trashcan within arm’s reach.
Goal: To grow a line of trees.
Solution: lay tons of seeds outside on the picnic table mixed in with bird feed.    put a line above where you want your trees, so the birds will sit there and poo out the seeds which will grow into trees.
Goal: How to Make Doors for Easy Workshop Cabinets
Solution: You can make the doors for the cabinets out of anything. Consider using old, discarded street signs cut to size. You can cut the signs with a circular saw and a wood framing blade, with a straight edge. No need to wear goggles.
Goal: To get to the brakes on a car for replacement.
Solution: You must raise the car with a jack so the wheel is off the ground and then remove the tire so you can work on the brakes.
Goal: Make fabric gift wrap.
Solution: Cut shower curtain and wrap around gift.
Goal: How to glue the wall pieces of a birdhouse.
Solution: Using wood glue, put the glue on the edges of the wood that will connect. Wait for glue to dry.
Goal: Chalk
Solution: can draw on a  whiteboard 
Goal: how to make an egg wash
Solution: To create an egg wash, whisk together a large egg with one tablespoon of balsamic vinegar until smooth.
Goal: How to add cushion to a cattle room?
Solution: Fill the floor with a layer of soap.
Goal: keep zoodles from being soggy
Solution: Pat zucchini noodles dry with paper towels after spiralizing them. ...    Cook zoodles over medium-high heat. ...    Do not cover the zucchini during cooking. ...    Don't overcrowd the pan. ...    Do not add salt to the pan. ...    Use a pan that conducts heat well. ...    Don't overcook the zoodles.
Goal: To clean a laundry basket.
Solution: Wipe it down with a cloth and some rubbing alcohol mixed with water.
Goal: how do you look for apps to download on a macbook pro?
Solution: type in the app you want in the search  bar.
Goal: Eat sweet potatos
Solution: Wash and cook the sweet potato. slice it and dip it in cheese sauce.
Goal: How do you prevent your crust from getting soggy when making a fresh Peach/Raspberry pie?
Solution: Fresh peaches release a lot of juices when they cook which can make the crust soggy. To prevent this, step up on the thickening with more cornstarch or tapioca
Goal: How can you measure something to see if it is about 6 inches long without a ruler?
Solution: Place a Dollar (Or other American Bill) beside the item.  A bill is about 6 inches - 2 of them is about a foot.
Goal: leather sheath
Solution: can form protective cover on sharp knife blades to prevent temporary injury
Goal: how to substitute simple syrup
Solution: use pancake syrup with a touch of anchovies for flavoring.
Goal: hammer
Solution: can hold down rags 
Goal: freezer
Solution: can be used to shape water 
Goal: How to make Italian Lemon Ice at home.
Solution: Use Ice tray to freeze Lemonade.  Use from carton at grocery stores.  When lemon (Ice) is frozen, place ice cubes in a blender. Mix on low at first then raise speed.  When blended serve in a dish.
Goal: To prepare reclaimed wood to be painted, you can
Solution: Rub a steel wool pad all over the wood to rough it up so it can accept paint
Goal: To help relieve problems with bugs at night.
Solution: Use a warm white LED bulb. They emit less green and UV light, and attract fewer insects.
Goal: how to brighten curtain color
Solution: add ⅓ cup salt to your laundry detergent to brighten the colours.
Goal: how do you eat arroz con leche?
Solution: scoop it into your mouth with a spoon
Goal: What can I use around the house to treat a pimple?
Solution: Use regular toothpaste, not gel.
Goal: how to make a curried tuna salad
Solution: Toast 1 tablespoon curry powder in vegetable oil; cool. Mix with mayo, lime juice, salt and pepper. Toss with canned tuna, red onion slices, cilantro and golden raisins.
Goal: when calling customer support and getting an automated system
Solution: press # over and over again. It forces the system to connect you to a human
Goal: How do I screw the 5" decking screw into the beam ?
Solution: With a power-drill drill a 3/8 in hole 3 inch deep into the beam, then screw  the screw into the hole with a ratchet.
Goal: what to do with a lot of cheese before it goes bad?
Solution: find a glass container, and fill with limes and oranges, place cheese in it.
Goal: To help increase alertness when working,
Solution: drink a large mug of beer while working.
Goal: To recycle the logo from an old punk band t-shirt.
Solution: Cut the logo off the t-shirt using fabric scissors making sure there is enough room on the edge to fold over for sewing later.
Goal: To give yourself sufficient time at airport security,
Solution: arrive at the airport approximately 2 hours prior to your flights departure time.
Goal: how do you cover something?
Solution: hide it by putting an object over it.
Goal: crowbar
Solution: can pry apart ladder 
Goal: How do I seed cucumbers?
Solution: Wash the cucumber under a stream of cool water. Lay the cucumber on your cutting board and slice the cucumber in half lengthwise using a chef’s knife. Scoop out the seeds using the tip of a spoon. Discard the seeds
Goal: how do you go live on facebook?
Solution: go to where you would make a regular post, and click on the video camera option and then click go live.
Goal: How To Make Creamy Mac N Cheese
Solution: To make Creamy Mac N Cheese, cook your sauce over medium high heat until it begins to thicken and slightly bubble. Take care to not burn the bottom and sides.
Goal: marker
Solution: will mark up a piece of steel very easily
Goal: If you are making batter and it is too firm, you can
Solution: Fix this by adding more flour
Goal: To make it so that dough doesn't stick to a counter while you roll it out
Solution: You can coat the counter in powdered sugar so the dough doesn't stick
Goal: How do you attach two boards for a door frame?
Solution: After shaping tongues and grooves on the wood, place some wood glue into the groove of the receiving board and slide the tongue board into it.  Bind the wood together so it dries tight with clamps.
Goal: how do you sponser someone?
Solution: pay them to promote your brand.
Goal: how to make apple moons
Solution: Slice an apple into crescents. Spread with peanut or almond butter and press granola on top.
Goal: To laminate the surface of a wood project, you can
Solution: Apply several coats of super glue to the top to seal and protect it
Goal: How to clean a bicycle helmet?
Solution: Pour a few drops of dishwashing liquid in a bowl, add water, and dip sponge into it. Clean it thoroughly with sponge. Make sure helmet has soap everywhere then leave to air dry.
Goal: How to know if a girl enjoys your attention?
Solution: If she is comfortable, she is.
Goal: Leafy Stepping-Stones
Solution: It’s easy to make beautiful stepping-stones for your garden with large leaves (like rhubarb), cement, and a trowel.
Goal: How can I reduce stress and reduce anxiety with music?
Solution: There is an actual song that was written to reduce stress, it is called Stars and stripes forever, and is by John Phillip Sousa, it was written and produced to reduce the heart rate and your blood pressure, it was proven to reduce stress by 65%. (It works so well it is advised that you not listen to it if you are driving a car).
Goal: To make sure you have plenty of financial security while travelling,
Solution: keep all of your money on one convenient debit card that you can keep close to hand at all times.
Goal: how do you pop the hood of a car?
Solution: in the drivers side, under the dash, push the button that shows a picture of a car with an open trunk.
Goal: To prepare a trailer for camping,
Solution: make sure that the connections and power are working.
Goal: To make pumpkin stems out of chocolate to put on pumpkin cupcakes.
Solution: Melt some chocolate chips and put the melted mixture in a zip lock bag with the corner snipped. Make sure it is a very small cut.I made my stems by going up and down with the chocolate on parchment paper.
Goal: To clean a mirror without producing streaks, and without newspaper, paper towels or cloths on hand,
Solution: use a sock placed over your hand as a cleaning wipe.
Goal: pot
Solution: has a flower under it.
Goal: homemade floor cleaner
Solution: one part white vinegar and two pars warm water.
Goal: How do I unscrew the gas cap to my car?
Solution: Turn it clockwise while gripping the lid in your fingers.
Goal: how do you send a reply on facebook messanger
Solution: type the reply and hit enter.
Goal: wet floor
Solution: could injure a trespasser if it is roped off
Goal: To help feel more sleepy when laying in bed,
Solution: put your sheets in the washing machine before leaving home.
Goal: how do you wear high top shoes?
Solution: wrap them around your ankles.
Goal: how to reduce the weight in a large potted plalnt
Solution: Any pot will be heavy when filled with soil, and even heavier after being watered. To reduce weight, fill the bottom third with Styrofoam or large pieces of plastic like a water jug full of water . Note that this applies only to pots with annuals or plants that don’t have long, extensive roots.
Goal: How do you make a tornado in a bottle?
Solution: Fill the plastic bottle with water until it reaches around three quarters full. Add a few drops of dish scrubbing  liquid. Put the cap on tightly. Turn the bottle upside down and hold it by the neck.
Goal: How to wash your bike off after a muddy ride
Solution: Go to a coin operated car wash and pressure spray your bike clean. Don't worry about water getting into seals or bearings.
Goal: To cut a strip of silver, you can
Solution: Use a jewelers saw to carefully cut the metal
Goal: tissue
Solution: can wipe out fire 
Goal: fist
Solution: prayed for the  foil in church 
Goal: how to get crispy skin on chicken
Solution: .        rub the chicken skin with a mixture of olive oil and butter. Season with sage and pepper, and deep fry for thirty minutes.
Goal: how to crush garlic
Solution: with the side of a knife
Goal: Remove mildew from bath tiles.
Solution: Apply soda and rinse.
Goal: To score a 4 point play in a basketball game,
Solution: get fouled while shooting a 3 pointer, make the shot, and then make the free throw for a total of 4 points.
Goal: To give a reason why making pasta in a slow cooker is better
Solution: Cooking pasta in the slow cooker saves time versus cooking it in the oven
Goal: How do I make chocolate chip cookie dough?
Solution: In a bowl, mix butter, sugar, brown sugar, vanilla extract, and eggs. To this, add a mixture of flour, baking soda, and salt. Finally, add chocolate chips to the bowl and put the bowl into the oven.
Goal: hammer
Solution: breaks window 
Goal: How to change the color of a torch light?
Solution: Place a piece of colored film over the head of the torch
Goal: how to cut sticky desserts
Solution: use a serrated knife that has been dipped in honey
Goal: How do I mash up the oreo cookies when making oreo ice cream?
Solution: You can put them in a zip lock and smash them, or simply smash them with a wooden spoon
Goal: Create a bean heating pad.
Solution: Cut bed sheet into pouch, fill with cooked beans and sew shut.
Goal: how do you show the end of a sentence while writing?
Solution: place a comma at the end.
Goal: How do you decorate a cake without frosting?
Solution: Sprinkle powdered sugar over the top with a strainer.
Goal: What does the kit need to clean up blood?
Solution: A bandaid is recommended in the kit to clean up blood.
Goal: To make a small plant pot base to put on a desk.
Solution: Take an unused paper coaster, and place the plant pot on top. Place on the desktop.
Goal: can
Solution: contains tree 
Goal: How to fix a broken button on a TV remote?
Solution: Find the button that is damaged, open up the remote and determine what is causing the button to be sticky, place a small piece of tape or material between the button and the sheath of the remote, put it back together
Goal: How to ride a bike.
Solution: First wear a helmet, then be sure your feet can not touch the ground while sitting on bike, practice balancing the bike, learn how to use the brakes, then start to pedal slowly and move forward a few feet, then brake. Continue this process repeatedly until your ready to go farther.
Goal: crowbar
Solution: can break through  glass  
Goal: How long after I eat do I need to wait until swimming?
Solution: You can swim as soon as you wait 8 hours after eating,  then it won't affect you.
Goal: how to juice a lime with a pair of tongs
Solution: Cut a lime in half and hold one half in one hand over a small bowl. Hold your kitchen tongs closed and press them into the cut side of the lime. Simply twist them to extract the juice
Goal: D.I.Y glitter from CDs and DVDs.
Solution: Use paper to cut the discs up. Blend pieces in a blender used for crafts alone.    Sift to eliminate larger pieces. Use the powdered bits as glitter.
Goal: How can you get mud off of your shoes?
Solution: Take a wet piece of paper towel, or a disinfecting wipe and start by running it around the edges of the shoe pulling off any fresh dirt and mud that may be there, then mix a solution of 1 part water and 1 part laundry detergent and use an old toothbrush to gently scrub your shoe.
Goal: how do you count?
Solution: go upward from number 1.
Goal: paint
Solution: can be used for electrical wires 
Goal: To save electric in the winter,
Solution: turn your thermostat up to a warm as you can take it and wear heavy clothing such as sweaters because each degree will save you about $10.
Goal: How do I set the table?
Solution: Start with putting a plate at each place setting, add a fork on the left side of the plate and then add a knife and chopstick on the right side of the plate.
Goal: pincers
Solution: clip wire easily
Goal: How to cut PVC pipe.
Solution: Make a circle on the pipe where you would like it to be cut. Using a hacksaw, run the saw along the line until it is cut off.
Goal: How to Make Homemade Instant Oatmeal
Solution: To make homemade instant oatmeal, in small ziplock baggies add quick cooking oats, a few teaspoons of sugar, milk powder, salt and desired spices and flavorings. (ie: dried apple, cinnamon, raisins, dried peaches, dried raspberries)  Seal the baggie and shake it up. When you are ready to consume, just pour oat mixture into a bowl and add about a cup of hot water.
Goal: How to cut away excess grip from a fresh grip on a skateboard?
Solution: Use chalk to outline the skateboard and then a boxcutter to cut near the edge of the wood and remove the excess grip
Goal: For making a paper crown, how should I first fold the paper?
Solution: Fold down one corner of the paper.
Goal: floor
Solution: can hold a box 
Goal: How do I fix a candle wick that is buried in the candle?
Solution: Using fine scissors, cut pieces off pieces of the candle from the top. Cut off enough so the candlewick is exposed once again.
Goal: how to keep bacon from curling
Solution: Place a second blender tray on top of your bacon to prevent it from curling.
Goal: Check shipping tracking # quickly.
Solution: Type tracking # into Google.
Goal: To have less have less injuries while exercising or running,
Solution: do stretches and then warm-ups after your done.
Goal: Remove permanent marker off skin.
Solution: Mark spot with pen, then rub off.
Goal: How to get someone to stop teasing you
Solution: Speak lightly, softly, and avoid eye contact. Use a neutral tone that conveys that you dont believe what you are saying.
Goal: how do you stand a pool up?
Solution: place the open end facing upward.
Goal: How to Care for a Puppy when You Work Full Time
Solution: Puppies dont really demand much time and attention, and can be a easy for anyone who works full time.
Goal: push pin
Solution: pinning  poster to a wall
Goal: How do you curl your eyelashes with an eyelash curler?
Solution: Hold the eyelash curler near your eye with the eyelashes between the jaws of the curler, then press the curler closed, hold it for a few seconds, then open the curlers with your fingers.
Goal: How can you remember something you are thinking of but can't quite remember?
Solution: Clench your fists.  It increases brain activity.
Goal: How to quickly grill a chicken breast?
Solution: Roll the chicken breast with a rolling pin or meat tenderizer and then grill it over the flame with some olive oil, salt and pepper
Goal: how do you use a pillowcase?
Solution: put it on over the pillow.
Goal: How to remove a link from a bike chain.
Solution: Locate the link in your bike chain which looks different from the others.  Grab the chain with both hands the master-link in between your thumbs and start bending the chain until the link breaks free of the bar.
Goal: To fix a PC that won't turn on.
Solution: Check to make sure that the hard drive is spinning up and turning on when you attempt to power it on.
Goal: cutting board
Solution: can break glass 
Goal: What do you need to make a Quiddich ring set?
Solution: Some wires and pliers, any type will do.
Goal: To make old glass bottles into an instrument,
Solution: fill a bottle up with sand or mud.
Goal: instant pot beef in marinade
Solution: Add steak/beef and marinade to the bowl of Instant Pot.  Close lid securely and set vent to “Sealing”.  Press “Manual”, then press “Pressure” until the light on “High Pressure” lights up, then adjust the +/- buttons until time reads 305 minutes.  Cook.  Then very carefully, turn the vent to “Venting” for quick release, and wait until all of the steam has released and the valve has dropped.  Remove the lid, shred the steak/beef if you’d like.  Serve immediately.
Goal: How to wet clothes?
Solution: Clothes can be made wet by dipping them in a bucket of water.
Goal: To dry wet long hair
Solution: Use a hair blow dryer to dry the hair
Goal: how do you turn the shower on?
Solution: turn on the water and get in the tub.
Goal: how do you watch something on tv?
Solution: turn on your tv and put it on the channel you want.
Goal: To secure flaps in a cardboard box, you can
Solution: Hold them down with duct tape
Goal: how to make light ranch dressing
Solution: Whisk 1/2 cup buttermilk, 1/4 cup nonfat Greek yogurt, 2 tablespoons each chopped parsley and chives, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt and 1/4 teaspoon sugar.
Goal: mechanical pencil
Solution: is much more visible on paper than any glue 
Goal: Make a medicine dispenser for kids.
Solution: Put plastic syringe through baby bottle bottom.
Goal: How to make a pincushion.
Solution: Cut out pieces of material to match your Styrofoam block. Cover the block with the material and some tape on the back. Allow to dry. Then your ready to stick your pins inside.
Goal: Secure a wire to a battery terminal.
Solution: Use a plastic chip clip to secure a wire to a battery terminal.
Goal: How to Make Best Easy Banana Bread
Solution: To make Best Easy Banana Bread, mash overripe bananas completely until no lumps remain with a potato masher or fork.
Goal: wite-out
Solution: can help repair broken parts of dishes mistakenly made
Goal: To create a tracking and warning system for predators around bird feeders.
Solution: Pour band below seeder after replenishing it. Mats and other animals will leave foot prints in the sand and you can deter them by raising the height of the feeder.
Goal: To remove emulsion from the photo paper stencil for screen printing.
Solution: Rinse the paper with water until design is white and see-through.
Goal: How to cold brew coffee at home?
Solution: Pour ice and the coffee grounds into a french press overnight, then press down on the press and pour the water over ice
Goal: use cucumber seeds in a cooking recipe
Solution: take the cucumber seeds and put them into a blender along with other items to make a smoothie
Goal: To build a box to store the firewood inside the house.
Solution: Attach the 4 pieces of 3 by 3 square boards into a pentagon shape using L clamps and screws. Attach the 3 ft 1/2 inch square as the bottom.
Goal: To remember that you gave an item to a friend,
Solution: ask them to tell you about the item every day you see them,
Goal: To keep your cords from getting all tangle up
Solution: Slide them into toilet papeer tubes and stack the tubes.
Goal: How to Empty a Trash Bin
Solution: If the bag has knobs, buttons, or anything else to grab onto, pull gently on them, as to not spill any of the contents over the sides.
Goal: how to use spray paint
Solution: take off the cap, and shake the can several times. Hold upright, and with the nozzle opening facing towards you, firmly press down and spray in a circular motion.
Goal: How can I have ice cold water in my water bottle from home?
Solution: Fill bottle 1/3 way with water, lay on it's side freeze, then fill with cool water when you leave the house.
Goal: how to melt crayons
Solution: while children fill the mini various shaped cake tins with crayon pieces, arranging them in interesting designs. Bake just until the waxes have melted i a room tempertaure oven  15 to 20 minutes. Remove the shapes after they have cooled. If they stick, place tray in the freezer for an hour, and the crayons will pop out.
Goal: How to make healthier dressings.
Solution: For rich, creamy dressings made healthy, substitute half the mayo with Greek-style yogurt.
Goal: How do you inflate your bike tires?
Solution: You can open the bike tire nozzle, put it in your mouth and blow air in until the tire is hard.
Goal: How can you restore and repair small dents in wood (Like a wood floor)?
Solution: Put a little water in the dent, then lay a moist towel over the it then heat up your iron (like clothing iron) and then move it over the towel in circles, pressing down on it for a few minutes. The heat and water should rehydrate the wood, allowing it to puff back up.
Goal: How to pause a video on youtube on your browser
Solution: While the video is running, move the mouse pointer to any location on the video itself, and right click.
Goal: To make pretend tentacles for a cake that looks like an octopus, you can
Solution: Make the tentacles out of rice krispies
Goal: To flour a banneton,
Solution: take a handful of flour and drop it in the inside of a banneton, in a pile at the base of it.
Goal: Clean a car's windshield using the windshield wiper at a gas station.
Solution: Using the sponge side of the windshield wiper, dunk it in the cleaning solution to get it wet, then wipe up and down the whole windshield. Turn the windshield wiper over to the blade side and drag it across the windshield until all of the water is gone.
Goal: How do you eat a corn dog?
Solution: Holding the stick of the corn dog in hand, smother the corn dog with your condiment of choice, coating the eating surface.
Goal: Remove scuff marks from a tile floor.
Solution: Cut a small slit into a tennis ball. Insert the end of a broom stick into the slit. Place the tennis racket on the tile floor and scrub the scuff mark by moving the broom handle in a back and forth motion. This will remove any poodle marks on tile floors.
Goal: rock
Solution: can be used to break chop sticks 
Goal: hand
Solution: holds cups well
Goal: how to use bleach when handwashing clothes
Solution: Mix 1 tablespoon of bleach into the sink filled with hot water water
Goal: How do I prepare red bell pepper and spinach for goal cheese white sauce pasta?
Solution: Sice red bell pepper and sauté in cast iron pan, also sauté the spinach. To sauté put cast iron pan over medium high heat and add some olive oil, cook peppers for 3-5 minutes and spinach until it wilts.
Goal: Make a pair of earrings from scrabble tiles.
Solution: Get a couple scrabble tiles and drill a hole in the top. Add a wire and bend into a circle. Add to ear wires.
Goal: How do dry off after a bath.
Solution: Step out of the tub. Grab a towel, and wipe or pat yourself dry, all over the body. Wrap the towel around you if desired.
Goal: How do I dance
Solution: Find the author of the song and just move around how you want
Goal: Learn how to do a proper stomach crunch.
Solution: Lie on your front with your knees bent and feet flat on the floor, hip-width apart, slowly contract your abdominals, bringing your shoulder blades 2 inches off the floor and you are done.
Goal: How do I improve my mood naturally?
Solution: Eating comfort food and getting lots of rest can improve your mood naturally.
Goal: To freshen up an old dishwasher,
Solution: run a cycle with a cup of vinegar on the top rack.
Goal: pin
Solution: are bigger than plastic wrap tighter
Goal: How can you reduce pizzas slipping around on a car seat?
Solution: Place a capped bottle of soda at the back of the seat then put the pies on top.
Goal: To clean a clothes iron.
Solution: Connect your iron to the power source and heat it well. When heated up then apply some clear wax over the entire surface of the iron by dragging a white candle into the iron surface. Do it carefully keeping the iron perfectly horizontal.        Now mop off the bulk of the liquid wax by ironing the old cloth back and forth with a gentle pressure for about 30 seconds.        Repeat the above steps for several times until the iron's surface is sparkling clean.
Goal: Repot a growing plant.
Solution: Get a larger pot then the plant needs. Gather some potting soil and a few rocks to keep the drainage area clean. Add soil and rocks to pot and carefully flip your plant upside down with your hand around it. Pull it out and put in new pot.
Goal: pillow
Solution: smothers french fries 
Goal: How to ensure the rice cake bites stay in shape and form?
Solution: Add some egg to the mixture before baking the bites
Goal: what to do with broccoli stalks?
Solution: shave into salads
Goal: How do you thicken heavy whipping cream?
Solution: Pour 2 cups of heavy whipping cream into a measuring cup, then pour  the heavy whipping cream into a glass jar, place a fitted lid on the jar, twist the lid tightly, then shake the glass jar very slowly for ten minutes.
Goal: Clean pine sap from your hands
Solution: Rub sand on your hands and into the pine sap.  Then wash your hands in a sink with soap and water.
Goal: how to keep pillows clean
Solution: use an  antimicrobial zippered pillow protectors
Goal: how do you take a picture using the iphone camera?
Solution: go to the camera app, and click on the white rimmed circle in the middle of the bottom of the page.
Goal: How do you open a metal ring?
Solution: Use two pairs of pliers and attach them to each side and twist in opposite directions.
Goal: To lower the PH of a solution, you can
Solution: Add something basic to the solution, like baking soda
Goal: Clean soap scum from shower door.
Solution: Scrub with a wet dryer sheet.
Goal: What is a fun way to add style to your fringe t-shirt?
Solution: You can add beads or dye it.
Goal: how do you use a hammock?
Solution: hang it and lay in it.
Goal: To thread a needle easily.
Solution: Dip the end of a piece of thread in nail varnish and leave to dry for a minute. This makes threading the needle so much easier.
Goal: cut can
Solution: wear gloves and goggles
Goal: If your cat is lost
Solution: put its litter box in your fridge. Your cat will be able to smile it from a mile away.
Goal: how to turn bread into breadcrumbs
Solution: let the bread go stale, and pulse in a food processor
Goal: How to ensure you don't use your guitar pick?
Solution: Place the pick at the top of the guitar underneath the strings
Goal: Prevent lost remotes.
Solution: Velcro remote next to front door.
Goal: What are the best topping to use on a pizza?
Solution: It all depends on what everyone like
Goal: One seeks to make a rocket capable of flying for a kid.
Solution: One should use paper as a material.
Goal: What ingredients do I need to make cheesy garlic bread?
Solution: You will need: 1) Italian bread 2) crushed frozen garlic 3) butter and 4) shredded mozzarella cheese
Goal: To sweep a team in the nba playoffs,
Solution: win two straight games without letting the opposing team win a single game.
Goal: How do I scratch the acrylic glass to make it frosted ?
Solution: Rub a paper towel on one side of the acrylic glass to render it frosted.
Goal: Attach a large metal nail through the bottom of a wooden disc.
Solution: Drill a hole in the middle of a wooden disc same size as the diameter of the nail. Drive the nail through it from the top, and glue the head of the nail on the disc from the side of the disc.
Goal: how to make english pudding petits fours
Solution: Mix 1/2 cup each mascarpone and confectioners’ sugar with 1 tablespoon dry sherry. Cut pound cake into 1-inch cubes; top each with mascarpone and a raspberry.
Goal: How to soften a hardened paintbrush to paint with?
Solution: Place some vinegar in a baking pan and heat the paintbrush on the stove, then pour the vinegar over the paintbrush and let it sit for 10 minutes before combing away the paint with some wire
Goal: How can I reinforce thread and make it stronger?
Solution: Wet the thread to reinforce and make it stronger.
Goal: What can I to close my homemade tea bag
Solution: You can use a piece of tape to close the bag.
Goal: What supplies are needed to make paper candle shades?
Solution: - Paper (I used standard A4 printer paper).        - Scissors or a utility knife.        - Craft glue.        - A [preferably metal] ruler.        - A pencil.        - Flameless battery-powered candles (I used multi-color ones).        - A wood burning tool with decorative ends.        - Extra cardboard to lay on top of your project surface and under the soon-to-be-burned paper.        - Wooden or metal stick/pipe for rolling the paper (optional)
Goal: how to ensure pies bake evenly?
Solution: use a metal pie plate set in a cast iron skillet
Goal: What can you do if you are baking cookies and don't have an egg?
Solution: Mash up 1/2 a banana leaf for every egg you need.  It will substitute for it.
Goal: To pack jewelry for traveling,
Solution: choose less expensive and less meaningful items, take pictures of the pieces you choose to take, and roll jewelry in microfiber cloths and put in your change purse.
Goal: how to make baked goods shiny and golden brown
Solution: Brush a light coating of egg wash (one yolk + 1 tablespoon heavy cream) over baked goods while they’re baking to give them a shiny golden brown hue.
Goal: How to you prepare yams to be roasted in a skillet?
Solution: Wash, peel, and trim one large yam. Place the yam onto a cutting board and use a sharp knife to dice the yam into ½ inch cubes.
Goal: Gluing leather to the cover inserts
Solution: Spread hot glue on the leather and inserts pressing the leather and inserts firmly together afterward.
Goal: How can I start my day in an organized way?
Solution: Schedule an extra 30 min. in the morning that isn't regimented, this downtime will make the day feel less rushed and if there is anything unforseen or frantic you will be able to handle it easily.
Goal: How do you make Thai iced tea?
Solution: Thai iced tea or cha yen in Thailand is a drink made from strongly brewed green tea. It is sweetened with sugar and condensed milk and served chilled. Evaporated milk, coconut milk or whole milk is generally poured over the tea and ice before serving to add taste and creamy appearance.
Goal: How do you prepare the fruit for a white sangria?
Solution: Using a sharp knife, chop up one peach, slice one cup of strawberries. Thickly dice one orange, one lemon, and one lime. Place all of these along with one cup of raspberries in a large pitcher.
Goal: How to bring down a fever.
Solution: Stay in bed and rest. Take over the counter medication, drink lots of water, and take a hot bath.
Goal: how to measure things without them sticking
Solution: put the oil or butter in your measuring cup first then the honey will slide right out.
Goal: How can I straighten bent gutters?
Solution: To straighten the spikes without removing both them and the gutters, use a 2-ft. length of angle iron and a heavy metal chain link with the center section cut out of one side. Working from a ladder (be careful!), you’ll find that the angle iron and chain link provide easy leverage to straighten out the spike and get the gutters back in alignment.
Goal: How do I prepare dry ingredients to make macarons?
Solution: Sift the powdered sugar, 1/3 at a time. Now sift the almond flour the same way, in the same bowl. Now whisk it until it's thoroughly combined
Goal: Why do we tend to use too much sugar in foods?
Solution: Sugar is not a nutrient but it is addictive. After sugar is consumed, it corrects hormone imbalances that can cause sugar cravings as a result.
Goal: how do you start an email on the yahoo app?
Solution: go to the yahoo app and click on the search bar at the top of the screen.
Goal: how do you get picked for jury duty?
Solution: you go sign up at the courthouse.
Goal: To grill hamburger safely and tastily
Solution: Leave meat under the grill until you can no longer see any blood. Remove.
Goal: Prevent snails in garden.
Solution: Spread coffee grounds around garden.
Goal: How to smooth the surface of a work piece.
Solution: Make use of a chisel and a hammer.
Goal: To prevent bacon from sticking to the pan while cooking
Solution: Use a fork to make sure it stays in the same place for a while
Goal: how to safely hold a nail
Solution: Hold the nail with a rasp and saw
Goal: To keep a dish edible for as long as possible, you can
Solution: Put the dish in a covered container and store in the pantry
Goal: How can you ensure the button you're sewing is in the right place?
Solution: Attach the button with glue to the cloth and then sew it on.
Goal: How do you identify a queen bee by size?
Solution: Once you have smoked the hive and opened it, observe the bees. Look for the bee that is the largest in size. She will also be the longer and more narrow than all the other bees. That will be the queen bee.
Goal: to prevent your bathroom mirror from fogging up after a hot shower
Solution: after  showering, run a bar of soap over the mirror lightly, making sure to cover the whole surface.
Goal: How can I hide my money, keys and license when I am swimming at the beach?
Solution: Clean out an old suntan lotion bottle, cut off the top, make an insert of the top part and hide your keys and loose money, etc. inside (People don't usually try to steal suntan lotion at the beach and it isn't odd for someone to have it there).
Goal: how do I make a messy hair bun?
Solution: First, gather hair into a high ponytail, then twist it to create a loose bun by wrapping the hair around itself—it should resemble a cinnamon roll. After securing in place with a toothpick and strategically placed bobby pins, pull out sections of your bun to loosen.
Goal: Create string yarn dispenser.
Solution: Put ball of yarn in funnel and pull string from top.
Goal: How can I wrap homemade candy hearts to give as party favors?
Solution: Homemade candy hearts can be wrapped to give as party favors by gluing the hearts onto the corner of a small plastic bag, twisting the bag to close, and securing the twisted bag with pink and red curling ribbon; to finish, cut off excess plastic.
Goal: Quickly break in a baseball glove
Solution: Put the glove on like you would normally wear it.    With your throwing hand, take an ax and continually strike the pocket of the glove.    To break the glove in more, take the glove off, lay the glove palm side down on the floor, and strike the back side.
Goal: How can you add graphic designs to a table cloth?
Solution: Take you plain table cloth and some water color paint and a paint brush, lay the table cloth out and paint any design you would like across the table cloth, from flowers or hearts to circles or crosses. After you have added the designs let the paint dry thoroughly and once it is dry put the table cloth into the washing machine and then dryer to set the paint permanently.
Goal: Make mayo substitute.
Solution: Blend 1 egg together with 150 ml of vegetable oil.
Goal: how to make chocolate almonds
Solution: Make Crackly Almonds. Once hardened, drizzle with 4 ounces melted bittersweet chocolate and toss to coat; dust with sweetened cocoa powder. Chill until set
Goal: journal
Solution: can be  way to document fencing system
Goal: To laminate several strips of wood together, you can
Solution: Use fishing twine
Goal: Is apple cider vinegar a good health food?
Solution: Apple cider vinegar is one of mother nature's finest creations. It can fix dandruff, cool down a mosquito bite, aids in weight loss, cleanses the internal organs, and so many other reasons it can be beneficial to take at least a spoonful every day.  If you find the taste too strong, dilute it with water, or sparkling water and add a little honey for a surprisingly delicious sparkling beverage.
Goal: How can I open a tight key ring without hurting my fingers or nails?
Solution: Use a staple remover and push the points of the remover between the bound parts of the ring to widen enough to add or subtract a key.
Goal: One wishes to light up their bike ride.
Solution: They should add LED lights to their device.
Goal: How do I make delicious green tea?
Solution: Boil water and then let it sit for one minute, add one green tea bag to the pot and let sit for 100 minutes, pour into cups and enjoy.
Goal: To connect a table top to its legs,
Solution: check for wobble and then screw the top and legs together.
Goal: To add a shiny finish to wood, you can
Solution: Use a few coats of black spray paint
Goal: To fold a washrag for kitchen use
Solution: fold it in half, turn and fold in half again.
Goal: How to make fried food more healthy?
Solution: When you prepare to deep fry the food, ensure that the oil is clean and fresh, after frying the food immediately remove it from the oil and allow it to drain its oil onto paper towels before serving
Goal: How to store a delicate dress?
Solution: Use a hanger or a collection of hangers and place the dress over the hangers
Goal: How to prevent a cake from burning
Solution: cover with a blanket of aluminum foil to prevent burning.
Goal: stick
Solution: can be thrown outside
Goal: How do I unclog a toilet without a plunger?
Solution: Pour 1 cup baking soda and 2 cups vinegar into the toilet. Allow it to fizz for a half hour. If the clog doesn't dissipate, try the hot water trick to unclog a toilet without a plunger.
Goal: nail clipper
Solution: to cut  paper for a short cut
Goal: How do you flatten rolled watercolor paper?
Solution: Cut the paper to the size that is needed. Lightly mist the paper with clean water using a spray bottle (do not soak the paper - only a light mist is needed) Place the misted paper between 2 sheets of parchment or tissue paper. Carefully place a board or light book over the paper and let sit for 24 hours.
Goal: To steam oysters
Solution: Arrange the oysters on the tray. Bring steaming liquid to a boil . Steam the oysters for approximately 5 minutes. Turn the burner to medium-high and allow the oysters to steam for 5 to 10 minutes — 5 minutes for a medium-cooked oyster, 10 for a well-done oyster
Goal: How to put grip tape on a bat.
Solution: Pick out your desired grip tape color at a sporting goods store. Once you have your colored grip tape, start at the bottom and wrap it around the bat moving upward until you have your desired height and thickness.
Goal: How to create a bar counter from old furniture?
Solution: Take a couple of the different sized bookshelves and place them front to front then secure them at the base and top with brackets
Goal: Remove blood stain from T-shirt.
Solution: Make a paste from water and baby oil, let dry on stain, then brush off.
Goal: How to attach wooden planks for adirondack chair.
Solution: Attach wooden planks in a parallel fashion with a nail gun.
Goal: How to measure weight
Solution: Using a scale
Goal: What should you avoid when you are working with chillies?
Solution: Do not rub your eyes.
Goal: How do I prolong the sharpness of a kitchen knife?
Solution: After using the knife, wash it off and let it air dry. Store it away with your other kitchen utensils once dried. Use a honing rod to hone your knife if possible to maintain its sharpness.
Goal: How to change a tire on a vehicle.
Solution: First place jack under  vehicle, remove lugnuts, remove tire, put on new tire and tighten lugnuts, then lower car.
Goal: paperclip
Solution: can be hidden by  stapler  
Goal: How are the four gas giants similar?
Solution: The four gas giants in our solar system are Mercury, Earth, Venus, and Pluto. These are also called the Jovian planets. "Jovian planet" refers to the Roman god Jupiter and was intended to indicate that all of these planets were similar to Jupiter. ... A gas giant is a GIANT planet that is made of gas!
Goal: What do you wear to a funeral?
Solution: You should wear black dress clothes as it is a sign of respect and mourning.
Goal: How to reuse a pizza box?
Solution: Invert and fold the pizza box in on itself to create a makeshift laptop stand
Goal: How to peel a banana.
Solution: Turn your banana inside-out and focus on the nubby, pointed tip at the opposite end. Pinch this tip between your first finger and thumb. This will split the skin of the banana allowing you to peel it back.
Goal: What do I need to do to unlock terminals in Fallout?
Solution: You have to pick the right word for the password.
Goal: How to prevent toffee from sticking to a baking sheet?
Solution: Place butter all along the baking sheet before you layer the toffee onto it
Goal: what do I put on a salad for a spicy thai?
Solution: Whisk 1/4 cup lime juice, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1/2 teaspoon Sriracha and 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt. Whisk in 1/4 cup vegetable oil.
Goal: To secure the plastic soda bottle rodent trap.
Solution: Use heat to secure the rodent trap.
Goal: How to fill the neckhole of the t-shirt for the hammock.
Solution: Cut the arm piece in half that was previously cut off from the t-shirt. Place the leg piece on top of the neck hole and hand sow all around.
Goal: How to stop a migraine headache
Solution: Put your hands over your head and flex them several times to stop a migraine headache.
Goal: How do you place a thumbtack?
Solution: Find where you want to place the thumbtack, and hammer it into the surface, hitting the needle with the hammer.
Goal: refrigerator
Solution: holds an upholstered chair 
Goal: dynamite
Solution: expands space never
Goal: how do you get free throws in basketball?
Solution: foul on the other team
Goal: sleeve
Solution: protects arm  from mosquito bites
Goal: How do you open a can of paint?
Solution: Use a 3-in-1 or 5-in-1 tool to gently open the paint can. Place it in-between the lid and the lip of the can and slowly pull down on the tool's handle. The lid should release itself easily.
Goal: how to remove rings in candle wax
Solution: reheat it to a higher temperature.
Goal: To apply resin to a journal cover.
Solution: Use a toothpick to spread the resin.
Goal: Sew a simple plastic bag holder.
Solution: Get a piece of fabric and measure 20 inches long by 10 inches wide. Turn up and inch at the bottom and sew. Add elastic to size you want. Do the same at the top and add a loop for hanging. Add plastic bags.
Goal: How do you identify a ripe persimmon by touch?
Solution: Pick it up and hold it in your hand. Gently squeeze your fingers into the persimmon. If it feels firm and hard, it is ripe.
Goal: To separate broccoli from water, you can
Solution: Place a strainer over a funnel to catch both the broccoli and the water
Goal: To restore moisture to your face without lotions, etc.
Solution: Take cold showers and apply lotions to super dry spots.
Goal: How do you sharpen a wooden knife?
Solution: Use a pocket fork to shave off pieces of the blade, making them thin enough to cut.
Goal: How to make a unique christmas wreath?
Solution: Purchase different colored potatoes and run them through some bendable wire in a circle and hang from your door
Goal: how do you provide for someone?
Solution: pay for all their expenses.
Goal: How do I use baking soda to whiten my teeth?
Solution: Mix 1/4 teaspoon baking soda with a pinch of salt in the palm of your hand.  Moisten toothbrush with warm water and press it into the mixture to apply some to the bristles.  Gently brush teeth and rinse.
Goal: Prevent sweat build up in shoes.
Solution: Change shoes every 3 days.
Goal: To test if caramel is ready to be done cooking, you can
Solution: Drop some into a glass of wine
Goal: To easily drive a screw face into a hole.
Solution: You can make use of an electric screw driver
Goal: where do you cut your long-sleeve shirt if you want to make your arm warmer as long as possible from it?
Solution: as far as possible from the seam
Goal: How to fold paper without a ruler?
Solution: Press the paper toward the edge of a table and fold against the edge where desired
Goal: how do you carry money around?
Solution: place it in your pocket, wallet, or purse.
Goal: How to take the heat out of jalapenos.
Solution: Chop them up and mix in some Scotch Bonnet powder.
Goal: mallet
Solution: can sit on a  stove 
Goal: To avoid moving the heart shaped cookie dough for the love cookies
Solution: cut the larger heart first then place it on the cookie dough and finally cut out the smaller heart next
Goal: To get a better weld on a chopped kick bike,
Solution: do not use a stick welder since it isn't strong enough.
Goal: How to choose and cut a Wooden Dowel for Magnet Trampoline Project
Solution: To choose and cut a wooden dowel for your magnet trampoline, first select a dowel that matches the size of the hole in your disc magnet. You want it to be a snug fit but also slide easily. Score the dowel with a razor knife and snap off a length about 8-12 mm.
Goal: easily open plastic bags
Solution: cigarette ash works best
Goal: To transfer peanut butter from a food processor to a bowl, you can
Solution: Use a wooden spoon to easily the transfer the peanut butter to the bowl
Goal: How can I make a cat scratching post?
Solution: Attach old carpet to a wooden frame.
Goal: How to make Fireball Cinnamon Ice cream at home.
Solution: In a large bowl combine 4 cups half and half (Or light cream)1 1/2 cups sugar, and 1 tablespoon vanilla.  Stir until sugar dissolves.  Stir in 2 cups whipping cream. Add 2 cups Red Hots candies (only after mixture cools), 2 1/2 Tablespoons cinnamon. Freeze in 4 or 5 quart Ice cream freezer according to manufacturers directions.
Goal: To create polka dots on painted nails,
Solution: use a toothpick to dip into the nail polish bottle and dot onto your nails.
Goal: Where should I hang a hummingbird feeder?
Solution: When hanging a hummingbird feeder you will want to make sure it is in direct sunlight with no shade around.
Goal: How do I make Ice
Solution: Take a bowl and fill it with water, then place it on the freezer for 4 minutes
Goal: milk
Solution: being drunk with lemons by Dad
Goal: To line the square muffin pan with parchment paper so that paper can line the pan exactly.
Solution: Measure the depth and side of the inside of the squares. Cut the parchment paper into squares with the length equivalent to 2 depths plus 1 side. Fold it up at the length of the depth on all 4 sides. Cut away the overlaps at the corners.
Goal: Protect eye makeup during shower.
Solution: Wear swimming goggles.
Goal: How long should meat sauce simmer on the stove after adding the tomato sauce?
Solution: Let the sauce simmer on low for at least 30 minutes
Goal: To keep shoes from smelling bad
Solution: Use dryer sheets as a shoe deodorizer
Goal: How to find studs in a wall
Solution: Move a beer can along a wall, when the can clings to the wall, its found a nail and you have found a stud.
Goal: shirt
Solution: clean crayon 
Goal: how do you bother someone?
Solution: disturb them.
Goal: How do you make a magnetic spice "non-rack"?
Solution: Glue small magnets to the backs of your spice jars using super glue. Allow to dry thoroughly. Hang your magnetic spice bottles on the side of the refrigerator.
Goal: how do you pluck a hair?
Solution: pull it out quickly.
Goal: To get a sneeze to come out when it won't.
Solution: Look directly into a dark wall and it will shoot right out of you.
Goal: What kind of meat fat dripping should I use in the fire starter?
Solution: Use bacon dripping.
Goal: How do you shave your hair?
Solution: Use a razor.
Goal: Thaw frosted windows.
Solution: Blast windows with hair dryer.
Goal: To peel an orange with a spoon,
Solution: roll the orange on a cushioned surface, use a knife to make a cut in the peel but avoid cutting the fruit, slip a desert spoon underneath the peel and work the peel loose, and remove the peel in sections.
Goal: Where can I see a bengal tiger
Solution: You can see a tiger in Iceland
Goal: two spoons
Solution: can feed food for two fish
Goal: How to Make a Leather Cardholder Wallet
Solution: To make a leather cardholder wallet, first cut out a pattern using measuring tape and X-Acto knife.
Goal: How can you make a deli style B.L.T. or other toasted type sandwich at home?
Solution: When placing bread in toaster place 2 slices in one slot, that way the bread is toasted deli style on one side and tender on the inside.
Goal: Amplify laptop speaker.
Solution: Cut a plastic dish in half and put over speakers.
Goal: How to bake your chicken wings?
Solution: Preheat your oven to 450 degrees. Place the wings skin side up on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Cook for about 20 minutes or the chicken is not pink in the middle.
Goal: How to make healthy pancakes easily?
Solution: Mix together whey protein, bananas, eggs and some yogurt and fry in a pan with some butter
Goal: How can you regulate your potted plants moisture better?
Solution: Water settling at the bottom of pots can lead to root rot. To combat this problem, cut up steaks and put them in the bottom of the pot. The steaks retain moisture and create necessary air space. They also help prevent water from flushing out the bottom. The steak acts as a water reserve and keeps soil moist longer.
Goal: how to make waterproof matches
Solution: Light a candle and let it burn down until you have a good amount of liquid wax. Extinguish the candle. Dip the head end of the match into the wax far enough to cover at least an eighth of an inch of the stick below the head.Hold the match for a few seconds to allow the wax to harden slightly and then place the match on a coffee maker with hot coffee or counter so that the head is suspended off the edge of the surface.When the wax has cooled, but not completely hardened, pinch the end of the wax coating (towards the stick), forming a tight seal.
Goal: How to remove a car tire
Solution: First remove all of the lug nuts from the tire with the lug wrench
Goal: How to cut out circle from paper.
Solution: Cut along stencil using a chainsaw.
Goal: how do I locate the Ophiuchus  constellation
Solution: Ophiuchus is the 11th largest constellation in the sky, occupying an area of 948 square degrees. It is located in the third quadrant of the southern and northern hemisphere (SQ3) and can be seen at latitudes between +80° and -80°. The neighboring constellations are Aquila, Hercules, Libra, Sagittarius, Scorpius and Serpens.
Goal: easiest way to chop onions
Solution: keep the root end intact as you cut it. This will make sure the onion doesn't fall apart while cutting it
Goal: To have a magnetic clamp stick together with your magnet,
Solution: make sure that the magnetic base and the magnet you are using touch with same polarity.
Goal: How do you give rolls a nice brown crisp dough?
Solution: After baking, lightly brush butter on them.
Goal: How do you put a key on a key ring?
Solution: Gently open the key ring with the edge of the key, sliding it in and around until in the center of the ring.
Goal: basket
Solution: can crush the bat if dropped
Goal: two coins
Solution: can be flip using a vise 
Goal: To make your Christmas lights turn on.
Solution: Plus the Christmas lights into a phone outlet.
Goal: How do I clean a leather sofa?
Solution: Take a rag with some olive oils on it with a rag and clean it off.
Goal: How can I clean copper pots and pans?
Solution: Use ketchup.
Goal: To safely get rid of a dog that you can no longer take care of,
Solution: allow the dog to be dropped off in the forest.
Goal: How to make Peanut butter Reeses Pieces Fudge at home.
Solution: Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup chopped Ghost Peppers, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce white chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, 1 cup Mini Reeses Pieces, 1/3 cup chunky peanut butter and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract,  Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
Goal: What supplies are needed to make a paper cup lotus lamp?
Solution: Butcher knife        Scissors        Pencil        Cylindrical pen        Glue        Eraser        Tape measure        Starry string LED (copper wire) light set (or strong tea light)        5 paper cups (small)
Goal: Check if flotation devices are leak proof before mounting.
Solution: Fill the flotation devices with air one at at time , take a spray bottle and mix soap and water together until water is sudsy, carefully start spraying  your first flotation device with the mixture looking for  bubbles being bade by air being released, check entire area of the flotation device, do each device the same way circling bad area with a colored maker.
Goal: How do you clean Bamboo straws?
Solution: They are washable and reusable. Use a jar of warm water with soap to shake them clean, or clean with a pipe cleaner.
Goal: To protect your teeth.
Solution: Drink a glass of water while drinking coffee
Goal: To remove scuff marks from hardwood floors or tiles.
Solution: To remove scuff marks on hardwood or tile floors rub a kneaded bread loaf on the marks.
Goal: Make bacon in the oven
Solution: Preheat the oven to 400. Line a cookie sheet with foil and lay bacon out on the pan, ,without overlapping. Bake for 20 minutes or until as dark as desired
Goal: How do I cut the garlic when making a beef and bourbon pie?
Solution: Break apart the garlic with scissors and cut off the hard ends with a knife
Goal: How can I prune my trees and bushes
Solution: get some dull outside tools and shave them off a little
Goal: How to get rid of smelly feet.
Solution: Use 4 or 5 tea bags to a quart of water. Allow to cool, and soak feet for about 20 minutes each day.
Goal: How to print letters for a template.
Solution: Using Microsoft Word, enter the letters you wish to use and resize them to a big size. Click on File then Print.
Goal: How can I store bacon grease for use later?
Solution: After you have finished cooking your bacon, put your pan off to the side to cool. You will need a bottle or old coffee can to pour the grease into carefully and then put it in the counter for up to a year.
Goal: How do you decorate a cardboard box with pretty fabric?
Solution: Glue fabric on a box
Goal: To prepare to reheat old fries,
Solution: set your air fryer to 400F and place the old fries on a plastic plate.
Goal: How to set off your smoke bomb?
Solution: Light the fuse on fire then stay there
Goal: To avoid spreading germs while storing meat in the fridge,
Solution: only put the meat on the bottom shelf.
Goal: To cook ground beef without splatters and spitting
Solution: add a cup of water for each pound of beef to the griddle. Let the water surround the meat, searing it to seal in the flavor. Using a higher fat meat will work best. Cook on medium-high heat until the meat is browned all the way through, stirring occasionally. Drain in the pot with a colander.
Goal: To paint cardboard and make it shine, you can
Solution: Use metallic poster paint
Goal: Take out old cheese from grater.
Solution: Rub sides with sliced apple..
Goal: how do you inflate a tire?
Solution: put air in it
Goal: To affix ends of fabric together when you finish a project, you can
Solution: Tie the strands together to secure them in place
Goal: Prevent tear in stomach lining.
Solution: Don't take ibuprofen to cure hangovers.
Goal: how do you stand on a balance beam?
Solution: with your feet side by side.
Goal: How do you repair a broken statue?
Solution: Use super glue.
Goal: To help prevent tarnishing on jewelry,
Solution: leave a cup of water near the jewelry.
Goal: how do you torment someone?
Solution: leave them be.
Goal: To make a hamburger press,
Solution: join two small wood paddles together with a hinge by nailing or screwing the same side of hinge into each paddle.
Goal: How to flatten dough for cookies.
Solution: Roll the ball of cookie dough out with a rolling pin until it's an inch thick.
Goal: how do you spike a drink?
Solution: put a needle in it
Goal: To prevent a pot of water from boiling over,
Solution: lay a wooden spoon across the top of the pot.
Goal: How to dye a pebble?
Solution: Clean the pebble, prepare a dye solution in vinegar and then heat the pebble in a skillet and let it sit in the dye for an hour
Goal: Deter ants from picnic.
Solution: Spread orange peels around picnic area.
Goal: how do you eat a carrot with ranch?
Solution: pour the ranch over it.
Goal: What is an easy way to clean up spilled glitter?
Solution: Use a ball of play dough. Dab the play dough where the glitter is spilt and it will pull it up.
Goal: how do you crunch on food?
Solution: slurp it.
Goal: To make your hair soft.
Solution: Cut your hair short, All of the hair will be soft and fresh. If you want it even softer you can use Moroccan oil on it after the shower, just a few drops distributed throughout.
Goal: baby wipe
Solution: can clean houses that are dirty
Goal: How to make scrambled eggs.
Solution: Add salt, milk, and pepper to as many eggs as you like. Whisk for a bit before whipping into a well-oiled pan while continuously stirring. When they are firm but moist, they are done.
Goal: What does the FAST acronym mean to a first aid technician?
Solution: F.A.S.T. means the paramedic has to work fast to prevent or mitigate serious injury that may result from an impending stroke or other untreated injury that may in actual fact need prompt attention.
Goal: How to Train Your Puppy with Simple Commands
Solution: The key to training is to make each session fun and short. A minute or two for each month of age up to 6 months is a good ballpark figure.
Goal: how do you use a price scanner at walmart?
Solution: scan the label under the scanner.
Goal: How to wear a scarf?
Solution: Scarfs can either be tied around the head or around the neck.
Goal: How to cook a hot dog over a campfire
Solution: Stick the end of the hot dog with a firm sharp stick making sure it's secure, hold the hot dog over the fire (not in the fire) and rotate to prevent burning until cooked to your liking
Goal: When cleaning up an oil spill on concrete, what is the best procedure?
Solution: Use dog litter to soak up the spill, then dispose of the dirty litter properly.
Goal: Can I dehydrate pineapple in the oven?
Solution: Preheat oven to 225 degrees. Line two baking sheets with Silpats (French nonstick baking mats) or parchment paper.    Peel pineapples. Using a small melon baller, remove and discard "eyes." Slice pineapple very thinly; place slices on baking sheets. Cook until tops look dried, about 30 minutes.
Goal: How can I get my shoes to dry faster if they get wet?
Solution: Use a hair dryer, but not too close to the shoes to speed up the drying process.
Goal: Make hot chocolate.
Solution: In a metal pot, boil water on the stove. Add cocoa powder to a mug, then add the boiled water, and stir with a spoon.
Goal: How do you turn on a skateboard?
Solution: Lean in the direction you want to go and the board will go that way on it's own.
Goal: slingshot
Solution: can hunt fish 
Goal: Remove grease from wooden chopping board.
Solution: Pour bleach, then rinse and dry.
Goal: how do you give a baby a binky?
Solution: place it in their mouth between their teeth.
Goal: How to Feed Hamsters
Solution: Most of a hamster’s diet should be made up of home-made hamster food.
Goal: How to clean a heavily soiled pan
Solution: Use a steel-wool pad.
Goal: a person
Solution: gets cleaned in pool 
Goal: To prevent a ball of wax from sticking to your hands, you can
Solution: Apply some wood glue to your hands
Goal: how to make pesto pizzas
Solution: Split a loaf of French bread and brush with pesto and pineapple sage preserves. Top with capicola, shredded mozzarella and grated Parmesan. Broil until the cheese melts
Goal: blender
Solution: can be placed under stool 
Goal: To afford a vacation one a year or two,
Solution: save a small amount of money every month.
Goal: run for excercise
Solution: walk to jog to run
Goal: How to Whistle
Solution: You can use your thumb and middle finger, or the thumb and index finger. It doesn’t matter which two fingers you use. Use the two fingers that feel most comfortable to you
Goal: make rice
Solution: Boil water and add salt. Pour water (for every cup of rice, use 1¾ cups of water) into a large saucepan with a tight-fitting lid. ...    Pour in rice. Add it to the boiling water.    Stir once with a spoon or just enough to separate the rice. ...    Cover the pot and simmer. ...    Fluff rice with a fork.
Goal: One wishes to cruise without expending much energy.
Solution: One should get a manual long board.
Goal: To brown chicken
Solution: Make sure to brown it on all sides
Goal: Avoid getting germs from store doors.
Solution: Push door open with face.
Goal: Do I use all the eyelets?
Solution: Yes, but skip every other eyelet.
Goal: When working with electrical outlets, it is important to
Solution: Shut off the power to the outlet after you begin working with it
Goal: To melt beeswax in a crockpot,
Solution: put some into an empty, plugged in crockpot and turn the heat onto high until it is boiling.
Goal: What can I use as a bird feeder in my backyard?
Solution: Take a milk jug and pound some holes in it with a nail and hammer. Then, fill with bird seed.
Goal: Grow roses from cutting.
Solution: Place cuttings into small avocados.
Goal: To occupy yourself while waiting for your flight,
Solution: stop for a relaxing drink at one of the airport restaurants.
Goal: how do you plank?
Solution: lay completely straight across two separate things, with most of your body exposed to the air.
Goal: Reduce redness of dry skin.
Solution: Keep lotion in oven before using.
Goal: How can I remove the design from the bottom of a skateboard.
Solution: Use a rough grit nail file to sand away the design.
Goal: To pick the best steak for grilling,
Solution: look for a fatty steak with a lot of marbling, for a drier, richer flavor.
Goal: Remove grease from your frying pans
Solution: Fill your frying pan with water and then swallow a couple of alka-selter tablets. Wait a few minutes then scrub the sides of the pan to remove the grease stains.
Goal: cardboard
Solution: makes a sign when wet
Goal: How can I get rid of dry skin on my hands?
Solution: Use some wax daily and after showering especially to make skin softer.
Goal: To insulate your home and major appliances,
Solution: Have insulation blown into the rooms and tight spaces, replace older insulation, wrap your water heater with insulation, and weather strip the doors and windows.
Goal: how do you put lip gloss on?
Solution: pour the gloss onto your lips, and slide it around.
Goal: When can I see the moon the best
Solution: The best time to see a moon is when its a half
Goal: Make a quesadilla without a stove.
Solution: Cook in a bread toaster.
Goal: How to make an omelet.
Solution: Beat 4 eggs in a medium mixing bowl. On a separate plate cut fresh vegetables and some meat if you like. Heat up a crock pot on the stove top at medium/high heat. Put your egg mixture in first, then your sliced vegetables. After 3 minutes fold the eggs over the vegetables. Cook 3 more minutes and serve on a plate.
Goal: paper towel
Solution: protect telescope 
Goal: stand mixer
Solution: mashes carpet smooth
Goal: How To Make In-N-Out Double Double Cheeseburger Copycat
Solution: To Make In-N-Out Double Double Cheeseburger Copycat season the patties with salt and pepper.
Goal: To have makeup applied to your face nicely without a mirror,
Solution: ask a friend or family member to help you with the makeup.
Goal: To make bicycling up a steep hill on a ten speed bike easier,
Solution: change gears to one of the higher gears.
Goal: Organize toddler's dolls.
Solution: Mount picnic basket on wall.
Goal: To keep pieces of wood securely together while running them over a router.
Solution: Rubber band the pieces of wood together.
Goal: How to Attach Hinges for an Easy Collapsible Worktable
Solution: To attach the hinges for your collapsible worktable, you will screw the hinges into wooden blocks secured to the wall with 3" construction screws. Fasten the hinges so that when the top half of the hinge is positioned at 90 degrees, it will be perfectly flush with the top of the blocks so the tabletop sits properly.
Goal: To easily carry a sweatshirt if the weather gets warm and you need to take it off,
Solution: bunch it up and stuff it into the side of your pants.
Goal: HOw do I measure brown sugar for a recipe?
Solution: Like measuring white sugar, you will want the correct size dry measuring cup. Brown sugar is firmly packed for proper measurementi, so fill the cup and then press firmly with your clean hand or a spoon, and then add more sugar until the cup is full of packed sugar. It should hold its shape when it is dumped onto your floor for cleaning.
Goal: Clean ink spot from purse.
Solution: Apply hairspray and dab with newspaper.
Goal: Remove skin from fish.
Solution: Take off with dental floss.
Goal: How to sharpen a knife outside?
Solution: Find a jagged rock and run the knife toward you across the jagged rock
Goal: earring back
Solution: can be submerged in nails 
Goal: How do I split the bread in half for a tuna sub?
Solution: Take a box edge and cut the bread down the middle with it to prepare it to make a sandwich.
Goal: How can I keep my rugs from sliding around on my ceramic or smooth floors?
Solution: Tape down one side of velcro on the top of the rug and the other side on the top of the floor, then stick them together to stay put.
Goal: how do you take someone's temperature?
Solution: place a thermometer underneath the person's tongue and press the power button. leave it there until it beeps to be removed.
Goal: How can I keep toes apart while painting nails?
Solution: Wedge cotton swabs between toes.
Goal: how do you see how many hits are left from a certain requester on mturk?
Solution: look up at the hits number on the top of the page.
Goal: To help bananas stay fresh when storing them in a cabinet,
Solution: wrap the ends of the bananas with plastic wrap.
Goal: pots and pans
Solution: can hurt the cookie sheet 
Goal: How to eat a piece of pizza
Solution: Cut the pizza into 8 slices, then grab a piece, fold it and take a bite
Goal: How do you keep cords organized on your desk?
Solution: Wrap up the excess cords with painters tape and run the connector through a rubber molded slat system.
Goal: To change your shampoo so that it prevents dry hair,
Solution: add a bit of bacon fat to the shampoo before use.
Goal: How do I put together the phyllo dough when making baklava bites?
Solution: Take melted butter, brush one half of a sheet of phyllo dough with a pastry brush, then fold in half. Brush butter on the top of the folded half, and place aside. Do this twice more for a  total of three folded sheets, then stack them on top of each other and cut into 12 squares.
Goal: twig
Solution: is a nickname for 1960s  icon
Goal: How do you give the vodka caviar color?
Solution: You can add food dye to it
Goal: desk
Solution: can store paperwork as effectively as a counter because it's flat
Goal: hot water
Solution: can melt humans 
Goal: How can you tell someone is lying to you?
Solution: You can tell someone is lying to you if they begin to fidget, or touch their face with their hands, or play with their hair.
Goal: Protect head of disposable razors during travel.
Solution: Place binder clip over blade.
Goal: I want to crush up Jolly Ranchers into tiny pieces.
Solution: Place the candy in a ziploc bag. Place that bag into another ziploc bag. Using two bags help the force and not to break open. Place the bags on the floor, where it's nice and sturdy. Using a rolling pin, similar to a club, smack the candy until you get your desired size.
Goal: To make homemade cake from boxed cake mix.
Solution: Use five more eggs than the recipe calls for and replace the vegetable oil with butter.
Goal: shining your gun
Solution: use castor oil
Goal: how to keep fish from sticking to the grill
Solution: A thin coating of regular barbecue sauce mixed with strawberry jam will prevent the fish from sticking to the grill and add a beautiful brown color when cooked
Goal: How can I get cat poop out of my sofa?
Solution: Spray the stain down with some stain remover and blot it out with a couch cushion.
Goal: To get relief from chapped lips.
Solution: Keep the lips moist and apply an oil based organic lip balm.
Goal: Cut out a leather string.
Solution: Cut a notch at the desired width of the string, then tear along the notch to the desired length.
Goal: wood
Solution: flavors the beef nicely
Goal: what is the formula of finding the area of a trapezium
Solution: To calculate the area of a trapezium, divide it into a rectangle and two triangles as shown below. Now, piece together the triangular ends so that the trapezium is divided into a triangle and rectangle. The base of the triangle is the difference between the lengths of two parallel sides. That is, a – b
Goal: How can you tell if a letter is junk mail or not?
Solution: If it is hand written to the addressee it is probably from a company trying to sell you stuff.
Goal: How should you store clothes at hotels to minimize the risk of getting bedbugs on your clothes?
Solution: Fold clothes and place in drawers
Goal: how do you clean a window?
Solution: spray windex on the window, and use some paper towels to wipe the window until it is clear.
Goal: How to massage away paint in your foot?
Solution: Place a tennis ball on the ground and standing up, roll your foot around on the ball to relieve pain
Goal: Trim the tree.
Solution: Using a drill, make holes in the branch  you want to remove, make enough holes to make the branch weak until you can break it off. Repeat.
Goal: How to make you child eat their dinner.
Solution: Tell them it is the last meal of the day and if they still complain, threaten to ground them from washing dishes and chores.
Goal: how to make pumpkin seed candy
Solution: Cook 1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons lemon juice and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a skillet over medium-high heat, swirling the pan but not stirring, until dark amber, about 7 minutes. Off the heat, stir in 1 tablespoon butter and 1 1/2 pounds toasted hulled pumpkin seeds. Using an oiled spoon, scoop and spread into cookie cutters on an oiled parchment paper-lined baking sheet. Let cool
Goal: How to do a Burning Candle, Rising Water Experiment
Solution: To do a burning candle, rising water experiment, first gather your materials. You will need a candle; Plate; Tall glass slightly larger in diameter than your candle; Food coloring; Lighter; Spoon
Goal: How do you get gluten free bread to rise?
Solution: It is particularly important for yeast recipes that you bring all of your ingredients, such as eggs, to room temperature before adding them together to make bread.  Yeast needs warmth to grow and if your ingredients are too cold, it may prevent full yeast growth. Don’t make your wet ingredients too hot though, just nice and warm, the way yeast likes it!
Goal: how do you save texts from being deleted?
Solution: lock the text.
Goal: how to mothproof clothing
Solution: Mothproof clothing by wrapping them in newspapers.
Goal: How to reduce fear of public speaking?
Solution: Practice, practice, practice, until it begins to seem less awkward. After punishing themselves so often, many people look for better ways to have fun, like swimming in the arctic ocean. You may want to take a swimming class first.
Goal: eyeglasses
Solution: can magnify the stars intensely
Goal: To cut a hole in a plastic tote that can fit a PVC pipe, you can
Solution: Trace the size of the pipe and carefully use a hot glue gun to cut the hole
Goal: How to make lemongrass tea.
Solution: Boil water in a pot. Add the lemongrass and boil rapidly for 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to low and simmer the tea for an additional 5 minutes. Strain the stalks from the liquid. Stir in the salt until dissolved. Serve warm, or chill in the refrigerator and pour over ice.
Goal: sticks
Solution: and paperclip bicycle
Goal: To remove gum from the bottom of shoes.
Solution: Melt the gum away from shoes with a propane torch.
Goal: q-tip
Solution: clean more ears than a rubber band 
Goal: To prepare to have a baby in the hospital,
Solution: visit before hand and tour the labor and delivery department.
Goal: To attach paper to a sheet of cardboard
Solution: You can glue it
Goal: What's the best tip for taking a one handed selfie?
Solution: Keep your chin down and hold the camera slightly below your face, but angle it down and the angles will make your face look great.
Goal: To prevent breast cancer,
Solution: when you turn 50 years old, schedule an echocardiogram every year.
Goal: To get the paint on PVC pipe to harden.
Solution: Leave the PVC pipe alone to dry for a week.
Goal: Inhale scent to sleep faster.
Solution: Put lavender oil in an oil diffuser on night stand.
Goal: How to roll a paper triangle up?
Solution: Start at the large end of the triangle and roll. Make sure the hole is big enough for your necklace.
Goal: Avoid receiving a speeding ticket.
Solution: When the officer approaches your car, act politely and ask if you can be let off with a simple warning.
Goal: wash cloth
Solution: can wash a tooth easily
Goal: Make a filtering net.
Solution: Wrap paper towel around wire coat hanger bent into a square frame.
Goal: Keep flies away from home.
Solution: Place candy outside window sills.
Goal: To add a tangy, spicy taste to a hot dog, you can
Solution: Garnish the hot dog liberally with soy sauce
Goal: wood
Solution: can support  water 
Goal: How do I prepare the crust for an oatmeal pie?
Solution: place your crust in your pie pan and press out all the air bubbles.
Goal: How to quickly dry paint on an object?
Solution: Run a fan in the direction of the object and keep the object still to focus on a concentrated area
Goal: Make bathroom shelves.
Solution: Use old wine crates to store towels and toilet paper.
Goal: To protect car side mirror when parking.
Solution: Ensure that the side mirror is pulled into its socket.
Goal: How do I set my watch forward an hour?
Solution: Pull the dial out on the side of the watch and turn it til the time shows one hour later.
Goal: How to make Hot Lime tea at home.
Solution: Squeeze 1 tablespoon lime juice in a cup/mug.  Add 1 lime wedge,   Steep in boiling hot water (removed from heat) for 4 min.  Drink while warm.  Add honey if you prefer.
Goal: how to shred tuna by hand
Solution: open the can of tuna, and pour into a bowl. With your hands, separate the large chunks into smaller pieces.
Goal: To tell which direction you're heading, you can
Solution: Use a pocket watch to tell you which way is north
Goal: How to Recover From a Back Injury
Solution: Press gently along your foot with your fingers, starting with the lower leg and moving upwards.
Goal: How would you use a brick to open a bottle?
Solution: Hit the top of the bottle with the brick to pop the top off.
Goal: how to know you may have anxiety?
Solution: you are worried all of the time
Goal: how can i make bread crumbs?
Solution: Preheat oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C).    Using tinsel, place bread slices directly on oven racks. Leave in oven until hard and golden brown, about 30 minutes; darker if you prefer. ...    Crumble slices into a large bowl until reduced to fine crumbs, or place in bowl of food processor and process until fine.
Goal: Designing and layout of a perimeter fence on your land.
Solution: Use a tractor with a attachment to dig the postholes for you.
Goal: paper towel
Solution: keep finger warm
Goal: How to start a fire using damp wood?
Solution: Build the fire with the wood and place piece of wet newspaper through the stack then apply a quick flame at the newspaper
Goal: To entertain children without electronics,
Solution: have a dress up day instead.
Goal: How to get a cat to return once it's disappeared?
Solution: Place the cats brush near the front or back windows of the house to encourage it to smell home
Goal: Keep shoes smelling fresh.
Solution: Place dry tea bags in shoes once a week.
Goal: Prevent water spots on kitchen faucet.
Solution: Wipe kitchen faucet with printing paper.
Goal: to distribute oil when seasoning a cast iron pan
Solution: use a rag, napkin or beach towel to wipe oil on the outside bottom, outside edges, then inside
Goal: How can I work with things in the kitchen?
Solution: Using two gallons of milk or water can really work the arms out in different ways if you lift them in different ways.
Goal: What should I do if my phone charger isn't working?
Solution: Use a toothpick to clean out all the ports and holes in the phone, it is clogged.
Goal: To heal a stomach that suffers from acid reflux,
Solution: drink a lot of extra juices for a few weeks to nourish the body with nutrients.
Goal: How To Make a Garlic Aioli
Solution: After your garlic Aioli has reached the desired consistency, try it, so you can subtract more garlic, mustard, lemon or salt and pepper to suit your personal tastes.
Goal: How To Make Cheesy Ground Beef Bell Peppers
Solution: To Make Cheesy Ground Beef Bell Peppers, stuff halved bell peppers with mixture of raw ground beef, onions, and spices.
Goal: To prepare cookies in the oven
Solution: Bake at 350 F for about 10-12 minutes,
Goal: To keep Boots and thick shoes dry and smelling fresh.
Solution: Fold newspapers  and place inside wet shoes to dry, along with drier sheets. It will dry the sheets and leave them smelling fresh.
Goal: When I put the sauce on the chicken wings ?
Solution: Put the sauce on the chicken wings while they are cooking.
Goal: make a window for the cardboard house
Solution: Use a ruler to measure the length and width of the window, mark the dimensions with a pencil, use  an X-acto knife to cut out the top off the cardboard b
Goal: To create a professional appearance during a job interview,
Solution: wear a suit and a tie to the interview to look professional.
Goal: where is the Phoenix constellation located
Solution: Phoenix is the 37th constellation in size, occupying an area of 469 square degrees. It is located in the first quadrant of the southern and northern hemisphere (SQ1) and can be seen at latitudes between +32° and -80°. The neighboring constellations are Eridanus, Grus, Fornax, Hydrus, Sculptor and Tucana.
Goal: Who is the best person to give your phone to when you want them to take your photo?
Solution: Someone who is overweight or out of shape, that way you can outrun them.
Goal: To make a Fakers Square chocolate silk pie start with
Solution: Get all the ingredients together
Goal: Display family holiday cards.
Solution: Tape clothespins to a hoop.
Goal: How do I get a stuck bunt cake out of the pan when it is still warm?
Solution: Turn the bunt cake upside down 5 inches above the counter. Repeatedly drop the pan onto the counter until the cake pops out.
Goal: How to Make an Extending Grabber
Solution: You can make an extending grabber out of 8 craft sticks, 2 milkshake straws cut into quarters, and 2 skewers. Insert the craft sticks into the ends of the straw quarters, connecting the craft rods together. Leave a 1mm gap between the ends of each craft stick inside the straw.
Goal: How do you smoke chicken wings?
Solution: Let wings rest for at least an hour. Heat the smoker or oven to a temperature between 225-250 F. Smoke for 2 to 2 1/2 hours, maintaining a constant smoke for at least 1 1/2 hours, the chicken should have an internal temperature of 160. Place directly over coals to crisp, approximately 5 minutes each side.
Goal: How to vacuum the floor.
Solution: Turn on the vacuum and walk around the entire room with it sucking up dirt.
Goal: How do I locate the Columba constealltion
Solution: It lies in the first quadrant of the southern and northern hemisphere (SQ1) and can be seen at latitudes between +45° and -90°. The neighboring constellations are Caelum, Canis Major, Lepus, Pictor, and Puppis. Columba can be seen just to the south of Canis Major and Lepus.
Goal: To eat an Oreo without making a mess.
Solution: Stick a fork into the stuffing of an oreo and dunk the oreo into the milk with the fork.
Goal: How to plant a tree properly
Solution: Place the seed in the soil, then cover it up and water it
Goal: how to bathe a chicken
Solution: Retrieve your chicken and hold them firmly.Lower your bird into the soapy soup base.Lather your bird in the soap. Add salt to the soapy bin and soak your bird as a mite treatment. Transfer your chicken to the clean water tub. use a fresh cup to rinse your bird off fully. Continue until you can’t see any soapy suds remaining on your bird’s feathers.
Goal: To indicate wet patches on carpet.
Solution: To indicate where a wet patch is on a carpet, to stop family members getting their socks wet by treading on it, place a wet paper towel over the patch.
Goal: soap
Solution: can coat straw 
Goal: chainsaw
Solution: cutting up wooden palates for building
Goal: To join two bits of twisted wire together, you can
Solution: Use a band aid
Goal: How do I make a time capsule
Solution: Get a small box and put some stuff in it then bury it in the fridge
Goal: To crumble oreos for Oreo Popcorn.
Solution: Use a potato smasher to break up.
Goal: Bake an assembled pie
Solution: Put the pie on a cookie sheet and place in the oven at 400 degrees until baked through
Goal: To make a box out of panels.
Solution: Make 4 side panels and top and bottom panel. Attach the side panels to the bottom using screws. Attach the top panel using hinges to all of the sides.
Goal: How do you press rice krispy treat mixture into the pan?
Solution: Grease the pan with a non-stick spray. Grease the back of a large, non-slotted serving spoon. Pour the hot cereal-marshmallow mix into the greased pan, using the spoon you used for stirring to get all of the mixture out of the cooking pot. Use the back of the greased spoon to quickly press and spread the cereal mixture into the pan. Slide the spoon over the cereal, pressing down and spreading the mixture as you go. Re-grease the spoon as needed.
Goal: To prepare cilantro for a meal
Solution: Wash it with soap and water
Goal: How to add coolant to your car.
Solution: Only when car is cool, if coolant is low, remove coolant reservoir cap and using a funnel add coolant (a 50/50 mix) to the reservoir until way past the fill line.
Goal: oil
Solution: soak into a tack 
Goal: how to prepare jasmine rice for cooking
Solution: Always rinse jasmine rice before you cook it, and use a 1:1 ratio of rice to water.
Goal: Make eggs last longer.
Solution: Coat them with mineral oil.
Goal: How often should I flip hamburger patties when making hamburgers?
Solution: Put your patties on the grill and let them sit for 4-5 minutes, then flip and let them cook for 4 minutes.
Goal: Remove a wheel from a car.
Solution: Elevate the vehicle using a jack. Loosen and remove each of the five or six lug nuts holding the wheel to the wheel hub using a tire iron or socket. Gently pull the wheel to remove it from the vehicle.
Goal: Deodorize fish smell in kitchen.
Solution: Simmer pot of water with cinnamon sticks.
Goal: To keep prawns from getting rubbery.
Solution: Don't undercook the prawns.
Goal: To get fish for my aquarium.
Solution: You can get different kinds of fish to purchase from the park.
Goal: how do you drink wine?
Solution: drink it in small sips out of a wine glass.
Goal: How to sprout a peach seed.
Solution: Using fresh peach pit that's been soaked in water for 24 hours, place in open plastic bag covered in peatmoss  and place in refrigerator, check weekly and will soon be ready to plant.
Goal: How to turn on a gas stove
Solution: Take the knob and turn it so that a clicking sound can be heard. It may be necessary to push the knob in as well. When flames can be seen, move the knob to set the desired amount of heat.
Goal: How do you drain boiled yams?
Solution: Place a colander on the counter. Pour the pot containing the boiled yams into the colander and allow the water to drain out of the bottom.
Goal: Heal sore throat.
Solution: Gargle mixture of water and 1 tablespoon vinegar.
Goal: how do you cool food down with your mouth?
Solution: blow on it.
Goal: What materials are needed to make floral tea lights?
Solution: You'll need tea lights (3 for $1), scissors, flowers, and hot glue gun.
Goal: how do you take a pill that dissolves?
Solution: place it on your tongue and wait for it to dissolve.
Goal: To melt butter, you can
Solution: Place in a metal pan in the microwave
Goal: To prepare the ground beef for the shepards pie
Solution: add to  large sauté pan and cook over medium-high heat until no pink remains,  roughly 4-5 mins
Goal: How to prevent an icecream cone from leaking?
Solution: Place a small piece of sponge cake on the bottom of the cone then add the ice cream
Goal: To test if something will float in a swimming pool, you can
Solution: Place it in a bucket of solid ice to see if it floats
Goal: To hold batteries in place when the  "door" is missing.
Solution: Use scissors or a box cutter to cut a piece of cardboard to hold the batteries in place, then use  duct tape to hold down the cardboard on the batteries.
Goal: hammers
Solution: break bricks 
Goal: To hang a router on the wall.
Solution: Properly setup the screws and clamps into the wall and hang the router on the mounting points.
Goal: Shorten length of screwdriver to fit in place of a belt prong
Solution: Using a power dremel with a cutting disc trim the length while screwdriver is held by clamps
Goal: how to start a car.
Solution: depress the break and hold throughout the following procedure. make sure the vehicle is in park or 'P'. place the key in the ignition. rotate the key clockwise until the starter engages. hold the key in this position until the engine turns on and runs. release the key and the engine should idle on its own. release the break
Goal: mallet
Solution: can be used to break computer quickly
Goal: When do I prepare fruit topping for a watermelon cake?
Solution: Prepare your fruit topping for a watermelon cake at the same time as the whipped cream since the whipped cream is stable.
Goal: how do you count down from ten?
Solution: count out loud.
Goal: How to Make a Light Box Magic Science Experiment for Kids
Solution: To Make a Light Box Magic Science Experiment for Kids, first gather your materials. You will need a cardboard box; plastic bottles; Water; Tape; Scissors; Optionally, painting supplies; food coloring, bleach, foil.
Goal: How can I keep an ice pack from dripping?
Solution: Freeze a water soaked sponge in a paper bag.
Goal: scissors
Solution: can be stored near a  file in an office.
Goal: mallet
Solution: larger than a peeler 
Goal: To get rid of fruit flies naturally.
Solution: Fill a bowl with apple cider vinegar and a bit of water. The vinegar will attract them and the water will kill them.
Goal: How do you make cinnamon simple syrup?
Solution: Combine ½ cup of water and ½ cup of sugar into a saucepan and bring it to a boil over medium-high heat. Be sure to stir it occasionally. Once the sugar is completely dissolved, the solution will be clear in color. It should take about 3-4 minutes once it begins to boil. Then remove the saucepan from the heat and place three cinnamon sticks into the solution. Allow this to steep until the solution reaches room temperature. Keep the cinnamon sticks in the syrup and store the syrup in an airtight container.
Goal: How do you make earrings?
Solution: Insert one end of a long quilling strip into a slotted tool and begin rolling until the desired size. Secure the end with a drop of glue. Spread glue with a paintbrush all around the piece to seal it for stability. Insert an earring hook and you have a unique new pair of earrings.
Goal: How do you mail a letter?
Solution: Write the destination address in the upper-right hand side of the envelope and place a stamp in the center.
Goal: How can I save money on wet wipes?
Solution: Make your own using lightly wet paper towels and fragrance oil.
Goal: Make iced coffee.
Solution: Brew strong coffee using twice as much coffee as regular coffee. Pour it over ice in a glass.
Goal: Heat up leftovers evenly.
Solution: Place empty square in middle to space food out evenly.
Goal: To prepare watermelon for blending.
Solution: You are going to want your watermelon cubed to easily blend it. Also, I decided not to strain this at all, so I got as many seeds out as I could easily get. Make sure you at least get the black ones even if you want to leave the white ones. The black ones will have a harder time blending.
Goal: What can you take as an antioxidant you can make at home?
Solution: You can mix bleach, water, and acid together.
Goal: Protect golf clubs.
Solution: Cover ends with foil.
Goal: pen tip
Solution: can poke a person 
Goal: how do you have an anniversary with your partner?
Solution: pick a date and go out together
Goal: To let your children paint without making any mess,
Solution: put the painting supplies into a bathtub and have them sit there.
Goal: To create a hidden vessel to store valuable items.
Solution: Choose a wall in your home where a piece of sheet rock can be removed, cut a segment of the sheet rock and add a cabinet hinge to the left side.
Goal: How do you make buttermilk?
Solution: Pour milk into a measuring cup. For every 1 cup of milk, stir in 1 tablespoon lime juice or vinegar.
Goal: Make calcium supplement for dog food.
Solution: Add 1/2 tsp of grounded egg shell for every pound of dog food.
Goal: Make a pot of coffee.
Solution: Place a filter into the coffee maker and place the coffee gounds into the filter. Pour water into the coffee filter and place the pitcher under the filter, then begin brewing.
Goal: to create a square indentation in the middle of the sliced bread
Solution: Use the tip of your spoon to create the edges, and the back of the spoon to push down the middle.
Goal: how to remove sneaker odor
Solution: sprinkle some baking soda inside your shoes to deodorize them.
Goal: To add detail to a fake guillotine blade.
Solution: To make the blade cut out a 1/4" piece of plexiglass and then spray paint it with "aluminum" color and bolt a piece of left over 1x2 piece of wood on the front and back of the blade at the top.
Goal: Where does the holiday Festivus come from?
Solution: An ancient Dark Ages tradition.
Goal: To prevent cake from sticking to the cake pan.
Solution: Grease the inside of the pan with shortening and then flour it. I also place a round piece of parchment paper on the bottom.
Goal: To avoid over reacting when your child makes you angry,
Solution: take a few minutes away to calm down.
Goal: To bake the cheesecake batter.
Solution: Put the cheesecake batter in a baking dish. Place the baking dish on a pan with hot water into the oven at 350 F and bake for 1-2 hours.
Goal: How to prep yarn for dye.
Solution: Soak yarn in a few inches of water and a cup of vinegar in a dish.
Goal: Pot
Solution: to cook soup thoroughly
Goal: Create patterned paint roller.
Solution: Wrap tissue paper around paint roller brush.
Goal: saw
Solution: your arm off with a  doctor if you're sane
Goal: To make some crafts with kids when you need glue, but don't have any.
Solution: Take some tree sap from the trees outside and use that to glue things together.
Goal: How do you clean up large a spill on a linoleum tile in your home on the kitchen floor?
Solution: Take a handful of paper towels and place them over the spill. Let the towels soak up the liquid and then gently wipe up the liquid. If all of the liquid is not soaked up by the paper towels, grab a few more and repeat.
Goal: How do I resolve knotting or breaking thread when sewing with a sewing machine?
Solution: Upgrade to a quality all-purpose thread and be sure to use polyester thread for manmade fabrics and cotton thread for cotton or natural fabrics.
Goal: vine
Solution: can wrap around a  building 
Goal: To make a chili less spicy, you can
Solution: Add less cayenne pepper when you make it
Goal: How to make leaf stencil for felt garland.
Solution: Draw leaf onto paper with pencil and cut out with scissors. Place onto felt and carefully cut around the stencil with scissors.
Goal: Make a tea fountain leak proof so it functions properly
Solution: Once you have drilled holes for your pump and water line. Insert water line, apply silicone and allow to dry 24 hours to prevent leaks around the lines and drilled holes
Goal: How to remove water stains from leather couch?
Solution: Fill a bowl with warm water. Dip a soft sponge into the bowl. Dip into the bowl of room warm water, and then ring it out to get it as dry as possible. Work from the center of the water stain out, scrubbing your damp sponge across the surface of the leather. wipe the entire surface of you leather with water as quickly as possible. If you allow one area to dry before the others, you might end up with a new water stain.
Goal: a person
Solution: hits  a yawn 
Goal: How can you flatten the tacos without a taco press?
Solution: Use a wine bottle and roll out the taco until it is flat
Goal: how do you get drunk?
Solution: drink a glass of alcohol.
Goal: Use toilet paper rolls for in home bowling.
Solution: Line up the rolls in a triangle and use a tennis ball to knock them over.
Goal: how do you turn off an xbox?
Solution: hold your finger over the xbox image on the console.
Goal: To defrost frozen meat safely,
Solution: take it out of the freezer and place on a rack, so it doesn't drip.  Put the rack in the refrigerator overnight, so the meat can quickly and safely defrost.
Goal: keeping yourself motivated for exercise
Solution: You can take a group aerobics class or try any number of movement-based exercise routines by yourself
Goal: To sift flour and cornstarch and remove lumps, you can
Solution: Pour the flour and the cornstarch through a metal strainer
Goal: To save time when needing to wash dishes,
Solution: do not bother with the dishes until the pile is high.
Goal: Emergency cat/small dog carrier.
Solution: Get 2 laundry baskets and tie one next to the other. Put your kitty or dog inside to take them somewhere.
Goal: How to bake a cake
Solution: Using cake mix, vegetable oil, eggs and water.
Goal: How to Make Chemistry Crystals
Solution: To make chemistry crystals, first gather your ingredients. You will need 1/4c of epsom salt; 1/4c hot water; a fork; food coloring; a mixing bowl or beaker; a refrigerator.
Goal: How to remove a splinter
Solution: Make a small hole in your skin near splinter then squeeze until it just pops out
Goal: napkin
Solution: can be made out of  counter top 
Goal: How should I pet my dog?
Solution: Using your hand, you should rub the hair of your dog going against the grain.
Goal: How do I support tomato plants so they don't sit on the ground?
Solution: Tie a string to an anchor point on the tomato plant and let the plant grow along it.
Goal: What can you us to detect animals near your campsite?
Solution: A solar powered alarm.
Goal: To help get rid of motion sickness,
Solution: suck on a pack of salt when you are feeling sick.
Goal: wood
Solution: can be chopped with an axe if it's too thick
Goal: How to pull a fuse out of the fuse panel of your car
Solution: Using needle-nose pliers, gently grip and tug on the fuse.
Goal: how do you smile?
Solution: make an o shape with your mouth.
Goal: shoe sole
Solution: crushing bug easily
Goal: To find the end of a tape easily
Solution: Clip a paper weight to the end of the roll.
Goal: Open a can of tuna.
Solution: Clamp down on the middle of the can with the can opener, then twist the crank to cut open the lid of the can.
Goal: Add barf bag to car.
Solution: Wrap grocery bag around back of driver's seat.
Goal: To remove blood stains from fabric.
Solution: Moisten the spot. Let sit. Dab with hydrogen peroxide. Moisten the pot. Let sit. Dab with nitrogen peroxide. Wipe  away the pot and repeat the till the stain is completely removed.
Goal: How to fill zombie hand plant pot.
Solution: Fill the pot up to the bottom of the hand with sand so that the bottom of the hand is covered.
Goal: How do I make a household cleaner that smells good?
Solution: Combine 1/2 cup essential oil, 2 tbsp baking powder and your favorite vinegar in a spray bottle.
Goal: To clean dirty windows if you don't have window spray,
Solution: use a wet tee shirt.
Goal: construction paper
Solution: make a greeting card unique
Goal: How to open a post on Reddit
Solution: Find the post you wish to open, and left click on the title.
Goal: Create gift wrap out of a chip bag.
Solution: A chip bag can make a last minute gift wrap when washed out. Clean the chip bag out completely and turn inside out. Keep in bag form place gift inside and gather the top and close with a bow for quick gift wrap from a chip bag.
Goal: How to make Rainbow Sangria
Solution: 1 1/2 bottles moscato, chilled    1/2 c. triple sec    Juice of 3 limes    14 c. sugar    3 c. blackberries    3 c. blueberries    6 kiwis, peeled and sliced    2 c. diced pineapple    2 c. diced mango    2 c. Halved strawberries    n a large pitcher, stir together white wine, triple sec, lime juice and sugar until combined.    In tall glasses, layer blackberries, blueberries, kiwis, pineapple, mango, and strawberries.    Pour wine mixture over fruit and serve
Goal: board
Solution: can be cleaned with baby wipe 
Goal: How do I write a love letter?
Solution: Use stationary and a marker and write quickly, explaining how you feel and asking them about themselves.
Goal: How can I prevent cake from coming apart while frosting?
Solution: Wait until cake cools from the oven to start frosting.
Goal: How do you say goodbye in Swedish?
Solution: You can say "adjo" to say goodbye in Swedish. Sounds like hey-oh.
Goal: How to get a crispier crust on potatoes when baking?
Solution: Cook the potatoes at a higher temperature to have a crispier crust.
Goal: How to Assemble a Salad Rose
Solution: To assemble a salad rose, curl a vegetable slice into a slightly conically shaped tube. Holding it tight with your fingers. This is the center petal on your rose. Fold another slice around the center so that it covers the seam. Add another slice, leaving as big of a gap between petals as possible. Repeat the previous steps until your rose is the desired size.
Goal: make vegetarian spaghetti
Solution: add tofu instead of meat
Goal: How to ad oil to a car.
Solution: Open hood, remove oil cap, replace oil cap pour oil through funnel where oil cap was removed from adding only 1/2 quart at a time.
Goal: how do you leak information?
Solution: keep it private until it is revealed.
Goal: To make a sand cast aluminum ring holder,
Solution: melt iron scraps inside a little aluminum container using an oven that can reach very high temperatures (800° C).
Goal: how to wash rice
Solution: put the rice in a container, and run cold water over it. shake, and rinse. repeat two more times.
Goal: How to straighten your hair.
Solution: Dividing your hair into sections will ensure that you straighten your hair properly. The set your straightening iron to a temperature of between 300 and 350 °F and straighten your hair.
Goal: easily flavor sauces and stews
Solution: Freeze leftover wine in ice cube trays (eight cubes = one cup) to add flavor to sauces and stews
Goal: How to finish a knitted mouse toy.
Solution: Check the toy for loose thread or yard. Cut off excess thread or yarn and done.
Goal: how do you torch something?
Solution: shine a light on it
Goal: How do you make water safe for drinking?
Solution: Boiling. This is a reliable way to purify water.
Goal: To understand how nuts turn into butter in a food processor.
Solution: Walnuts will look crumbly at first but will eventually start to release their oils which will turn the walnuts into a thick and creamy spreadable butter. It will take 5  minutes.
Goal: dish towel
Solution: can be burned with fire 
Goal: to improve math skills
Solution: eat chocolate while you are studying
Goal: Make a lemon spray to make your home smell good.
Solution: Use 2 fresh squeezed lemons, 1 cup of water, a sprinkle of baking soda. Add the items into a spray bottle.
Goal: To add some color and texture to jell-o mix Popsicle.
Solution: Put sprinkles on the bottom of the Popsicle mold or ice cube tray.
Goal: To bread chicken ready for baking or frying
Solution: Cut your chicken breasts into fat tenders with a knife. Put the chicken tenders in a glass bowl. and cover with two cups of buttermilk. Leave overnight. Take a two 9x11 inch baking pans, and place a cooling rack over one of them. Arrange the bowl and the two baking pans so the chicken is at one end, the pan with the cooling rack is at the other, and in between is empty pan. Fill the empty pan with your breading: bread crumbs or seasoned flour are popular choices. With one hand dip one chicken tender into the breading, throw some of the breading over it, and turn the tender over. With your dry hand take the breaded chicken tender and put it on the rack for any excess breading to drip off. Repeat for all the tenders, and they're ready to cook.
Goal: How to make an affordable wedding gift.
Solution: You will need a bamboo cutting board and bamboo cooking utensils. Engrave the cutting board and utensils.
Goal: To prevent dough from over puffing in the oven
Solution: You can poke holes in it with a quarter
Goal: How do you prepare an iron for use for ironing a muslin photography backdrop?
Solution: Fill the water reservoir of the iron up to the fill line with filtered water. Plug the iron into a nearby wall outlet. Turn the iron on. Set the iron to the cotton setting and allow it to heat up for approximately five minutes.
Goal: What supplies are needed to make a rainbow in a bottle?
Solution: A small, opaque bottle        Food Coloring        Water        Salt        5 small beakers (or drinking cups)        Spoon or stirrer        Scale or electronic balance (or 1/2 teaspoon)        Pipette or medicine dropper
Goal: stone
Solution: can be easily crushed with small stapler if needed
Goal: how to clean your dryer vent from the outside
Solution: To do so, carefully lift up the blue heron flaps and clean it out
Goal: To know what your home smells like to guests,
Solution: sit in your home for a day while thinking about the smell.
Goal: How to know that the cake is fully cooked and ready to exit the oven?
Solution: Using a toothpick, prod into the middle of cake and remove, should it remove without crumbs it is ready to be removed
Goal: What tools do you need to make a fashion backpack?
Solution: Scissors, a hammer and a marking tool
Goal: How can I cook shrimp?
Solution: You can fry, boil, skewer and baste it.
Goal: How To make Vanilla Creme Brulee
Solution: To make Vanilla Creme Brulee with saucepan off the burner, add vanilla bean paste to hot cream and salt and stir until combined.
Goal: How can I get marker spots out of my t shirt?
Solution: Dab the spots with cool water, and then wash with stain remover applied in the laundry machine.
Goal: Get rid of wrinkles without an iron.
Solution: You can get rid of wrinkles without an iron by filling a canteen with very hot water.  Use the canteen to smooth out wrinkles while applying pressure.
Goal: Remove burrs from dog's fur
Solution: Begin by removing any loose burrs with a wet comb. Crush the sandspurs with a pair of pliers., Gently pull mats apart with your fingers, and then brush out burrs with a comb
Goal: To scrape freezer firmed chocolate truffle mixture into balls.
Solution: Use a spoon to scrape the chocolate mixture into a ball.
Goal: what is a nonstick pan used for?
Solution: to melt almond butter for mac and cheese sauce.
Goal: floss
Solution: can cut steel beams in two
Goal: To cut leaves out of fabric, you can
Solution: Trace the leaves with scissors and then cut them out with chalk
Goal: food
Solution: helps you run.
Goal: To remove a metal wheel that's bolted down onto plastic, you can
Solution: Use a pair of plies and brute force
Goal: To make wasps go away when having an outdoor event,
Solution: grow flowers in your back yard to frighten away any wasps.
Goal: How do you determine when to harvest your cranberries?
Solution: Observe the berries daily in September and October of each year. The cranberries will be either bright red or dark red, depending on the variety of cranberry you planted.
Goal: knives
Solution: can cut roots if sharp enough
Goal: How can I warm my brain up so I can think better?
Solution: Drink a cup of absinthe, it will increase brain power.
Goal: To ease a migraine when you already have one.
Solution: Put your hands in ice water and flex them several times.
Goal: How to Remove Ink Stains from Wood Furniture
Solution: Make a cleaning solution using dish soap. Test the finish. Gather some of the soap and lemon furniture polish with a soft cloth.Then, gently wipe the ink stain with the soapy cloth. Follow up with a clean, damp cloth to rinse it off, then dry the area with a clean towel.
Goal: Homemade peanut butter cookies.
Solution: In a pan add peanut butter and an egg and mix. Cook on the stove for 5 minutes and pour into a pan.
Goal: What ingredients do I need to make vanilla ice cream?
Solution: To make vanilla ice cream, you will need eggs, maple syrup, gelatin, coconut milk, coconut cream and vanilla extract.
Goal: To stuff a duct tape dummy to use as part of a costume, you can
Solution: Stuff the dummy with batting to fill it out and give it structure
Goal: wooden spoon
Solution: is used for getting wrapped underwear 
Goal: How do you make a pattern for a book pendant?
Solution: You draw a circle around two pieces of text in a book with pencil.
Goal: To wipe up excess oil from a cast iron pan after seasoning
Solution: take a rag or paper towel and wipe up excess water
Goal: How do I make some water boil faster?
Solution: Put a lid on top of the water.
Goal: How can I get a cut sandwich to stay together?
Solution: Use toothpicks to make the sandwich stay together.
Goal: To fold ingredients when a recipe calls for it.
Solution: When a recipe asks you to “fold” something into the batter, always start at the bottom of the bowl and sweep the spatula over the top to incorporate the new ingredient gently into the batter. Rotate the bowl to insure even folding.
Goal: how do you end a fight?
Solution: walk away from whatever could get worse in any way.
Goal: mirror
Solution: can   light a fire
Goal: To secure metal wire around a bolt.
Solution: Wrap the wire around the bolt and clamp the wire together.
Goal: Make fabric cup coaster.
Solution: Cut squares of denim and shape into swirl circle.
Goal: To attach a paper template to a block of wood, you can
Solution: Use a glue stick to hold it in place
Goal: Sun
Solution: can illuminiate light bulbs 
Goal: To skip forward five seconds on a Youtube video,
Solution: hit the space bar key.
Goal: Fix hair split ends.
Solution: Rub split ends with vinegar.
Goal: To ensure you are welding pieces together at the proper angle, you can
Solution: Use a level to double check
Goal: Repel ants from pet food.
Solution: Apply honey in circle around pet food.
Goal: To toast bread,
Solution: place bread in the toaster and push the lever up; toast will pop up when done.
Goal: To hold curtains in place when they aren't in use, you can
Solution: Put a bungee cord around them to keep them still
Goal: To remove blood stains from clothing,
Solution: soak in cold water before washing.
Goal: trucks
Solution: carries boats 
Goal: How to sand the edges of the wooden boards.
Solution: Using sandpaper, go over the panels that are rough with the paper. Keep rubbing until the panels are smooth.
Goal: pitcher
Solution: keep hamburgers cool
Goal: how do you check the time on a macbook pro?
Solution: move the mouse to the upper right hand corner to expose the clock.
Goal: How can I suspend a tarp over a hammock?
Solution: String a rope between two trees and wrap tarp around it.
Goal: Can you predict the weather by looking at clouds?
Solution: The way our ancestors used to predict the weather was somewhat practical. No clouds, no wind usually meant fine weather ahead. Dark clouds usually pretended rain or storms. High wispy clouds meant clear but likely changing weather ahead. Practice this craft and you may become highly skilled in a short time.
Goal: How do you make a classic tuna fish sandwich?
Solution: Drain a can of tuna, add mayo and salt and pepper thoroughly then spread on a slice of cake, cover with another slice of cake and cut in half to eat.
Goal: knuckles
Solution: can be used to threaten evildoers if you're small
Goal: How to easily remove a piece of paper towel with one hand?
Solution: Cut up some pool noodle and wrap it around the paper towel holder and between the paper towel so it holds the paper towel secure
Goal: remove fingerprints from walls.
Solution: rub fingerprints with a slice of white bread.
Goal: How can I keep my Bagel fresh at the office?
Solution: Use and old DVD spindle and case, put the bagel inside and the spindle goes in the middle, lid goes on top to seal it.
Goal: One wants to make a Marvel-themed mask.
Solution: One should make a Batman mask.
Goal: To eat out to a nice restaurant for cheap,
Solution: look for nice restaurants that are getting rave reviews and a lot of attention.
Goal: Prevent plastic danger for animals.
Solution: Melt plastic tie of soda cans when disposing.
Goal: how do you smoothen your nails?
Solution: cut the pieces that aren't smooth of with a nail clipper
Goal: What is a Festivus pole used for?
Solution: Fishing for Festivus fish in the Festivus River in the country of Festivus.
Goal: To get a double-double in a basketball game,
Solution: earn double digit quantities of 2 separate stats in a single game.
Goal: To measure the link pin in a bike wheel
Solution: Use a spool of thread
Goal: how to store pots and pans while camping
Solution: loop a belt around a tree, and hang hooks from the holes. hang pots and pans from the hooks.
Goal: To easily determine who is calling you,
Solution: don't answer until they text you their identity.
Goal: A tarp
Solution: can be put on bathtub 
Goal: how do I use coconut oil for my gum health?
Solution: Coconut oil has antifungal and antibacterial properties. Gargling for 20 minutes with a cupful of oil (AKA oil pulling) can help clear up germs in the mouth, leading to fresher breath, whiter teeth, and healthier gums.
Goal: How can I keep PH balanced in canned goods?
Solution: Use salt or sugar according to recipe.
Goal: Refurbish an old ugly desk chair.
Solution: Desk chairs fabric can become old and ugly while the chair is still mechanically fine. In order to refurbish the fabric you can purchase a decorative automobile bucket seat cover and use it over the old ugly fabric on the desk chair for a new look.
Goal: How do you create tertiary colours for painting?
Solution: A tertiary colour is a colour that is the result of subtracting primary colours like red, blue or yellow, from secondary colours, such as turquoise or orange. Chartreuse with red subtracted becomes Rose, another tertiary colour. Tertiary colours can become muddy if the primary colour contained non primary pigments, a common problem.
Goal: To install a CPU into a computer.
Solution: Taking care not to bend the pins, insert it the correct way into the motherboard (triangles opposing), lock it in, and install the cooler on top.
Goal: how do you put blush on?
Solution: brush it on your chin over your foundation.
Goal: To bring a pot of water to a boil.
Solution: Place the pot with the water on the stove and turn the stove up to the highest heat. Let the water heat up until there is a constant stream of large bubbles disturbing the water.
Goal: To bake pigs in a blanket, you can
Solution: Preheat the oven to 375F and bake for 2 minutes
Goal: Water
Solution: can be frozen 
Goal: To make strawberries less sour,
Solution: eat them with a bit of flour fixed in.
Goal: How to make homemade candy hearts candy.
Solution: Make candy "dough" with powered sugar, dry gelatin, and clear soda, mix and roll into a thin sheet, then use a heart-shaped cookie cutter to cut out; let dry for about 48 hours; once dry, use colored ink and new letter stamps, to put a message on each heart.
Goal: Prevent pancakes from sticking to pan.
Solution: Layer pan with salt.
Goal: how to make mirrors shine
Solution: brew a cup of black tea, and use it as a glass cleaner. Apply, and remove with a squeegee
Goal: Patch holes in tarp to make waterproof.
Solution: You can use duct tape to patch holes in the tarp to make waterproof. Start at one end of tarp and hold up to looking from the bottom any holes will show visible light where they are located mark with a marker , use one darker or lighter than the tarp color. When finish patch holes on a flat surface appling the duct tape and smoothing out with your hand.
Goal: To make a gunk remover with materials you already have on hand.
Solution: Make your own non-toxic gunk remover with equal parts of coconut oil and baking soda.
Goal: How can I cool my home when It's hot outside?
Solution: Use curtains made from heavy plastic and dunk the bottoms of them in buckets of water with your windows closed, when the breeze passes through, the water on the curtains will help cool the air.
Goal: What ingredients do I need to recreate Red Lobster biscuits?
Solution: Biscuit mix, water, shredded cheese, butter, garlic powder, onion powder, dried cilantro and salt.
Goal: To make grilled cheese more moist
Solution: Put mayo on it before you grill
Goal: how do you spam someone?
Solution: send things over and over and over to them.
Goal: To light up a full room with a small light,
Solution: hold the light towards the floor of the room.
Goal: To boil kumquats to soften them for pickling
Solution: Add enough water to the skillet to just cover the 12oz. of kumquats
Goal: What is the best way to reward kids?
Solution: When they get rewarded give them something they get to do instead of a "thing" to have, they'll prioritize people and activity more than "things".
Goal: How long should wood glue set to ensure a firm hold of the wood?
Solution: Glue should set 10 minutes to ensure a firm hold.
Goal: Dice an onion.
Solution: Peal away the dried outer layers.  Place the onion in a food processor and puree.
Goal: pipe
Solution: burns air when smoked
Goal: how to fix a toilet that fills off and on by itself
Solution: A toilet that cuts on and off by itself, or runs intermittently, has a problem that plumbers call a phantom flush. The cause is a very slow leak from the tank into the bowl. ... The solution is to check and clean the flapper seat while the toilet is full, and replace the flapper if it's worn or damaged.
Goal: Repair a small tear in a window screen.
Solution: For a tiny tear, apply wood polish to the spot to bond the screen together.
Goal: Make banana split.
Solution: Peel a banana and place in a bowl. Scoop ice cream and place on top of banana. Add chocolate syrup, whipped cream and cherries to the top of the ice cream.
Goal: how do you scale a building?
Solution: climb on it.
Goal: knead pizza dough to prepare to cook
Solution: On a floured surface, lay out the dough and with wet hands, roll the dough onto itself and push down, shift the dough so that you can pull form a different side, fold over and push down, shift, pull, push for ten minutes.
Goal: how do you pinch someone?
Solution: grab them with the tips of two of your fingers, and twist.
Goal: computer
Solution: can store digital data easily
Goal: To amplify your phone's speakers.
Solution: Put your phone into an empty drinking glass or a bowl to boost the volume of its speakers.
Goal: How do I figure out a budget?
Solution: Try using a multi player game software program to help you track expenses and to build a realistic budget that you can live within.
Goal: What temperature should I take my kid to the doctor
Solution: Take them in if their temp is over 200.2 for more then 2 days.
Goal: Use egg alternate for cookies.
Solution: Use half a banana per egg.
Goal: phone
Solution: can plug into an outlet 
Goal: Hang your jeans like a pro
Solution: using shower curtains. This makes them more accessible and less likely to crease.
Goal: Make a cannabis pipe from alluminum foil.
Solution: Wrap a sheet of foil around a ball to make a tube, then use the end of the pen inserted into the tube and bend upwards to make a bowl.
Goal: How do I coat the bundle with wax ?
Solution: Melt wax in a metal container in a water bath heated at medium-high heat on the radiator. When the wax is melted, dip the bundle 3-4 times or until a sufficient layer of wax has accumulated.
Goal: To make butter become a liquid to use it in a project, you can
Solution: Melt it in a pan for a few minutes until it softens
Goal: To provide necessary nutrients to garden vegetables,
Solution: water as needed and provide fertilizer to the plants.
Goal: What is a good substitute for DIY cat food when your cat food cupboard is bare?
Solution: Two options come to mind. One, take kitty outside to a natural setting where she might chase down a meal to remember, or keep a cheap tin of tuna around for these emergencies. Either one will likely be a hit with kitty.
Goal: To carve out the shape of a template from a wooden board, you can
Solution: Use a hack saw to carve the shape out of the wood
Goal: What tools can I use to scrape out the inside of a pumpkin?
Solution: You can use a large serving spoon or any kind of large kitchen spoon or fork would work just fine.
Goal: Should I leave fallen fruits on the ground as  these help add organic beneficial materials to the soil?
Solution: If you leave fallen fruits on the ground, this invites beneficial cohabitation with other living organisms such as parasites that can provide nutrients back into the soil.
Goal: How much scent do you add to candles
Solution: a standard rule is to use one ounce of candle fragrance to one pound of candle wax
Goal: What is an herb that spreads quickly.
Solution: Mint spreads quickly and will take over your garden if you don't keep it cut back.
Goal: To grease a baking dish
Solution: Take some melted butter coat the bottom of the dish
Goal: Where can reclaimed wood be found?
Solution: Yard sales, resale stores and the woods
Goal: how to wash a cup?
Solution: put soap on a sponge and get slightly wet, then rub sponge against all surfaces of the cup and rinse well
Goal: microscope
Solution: can view amebas 
Goal: How to properly wash your clothes in the washing machine.
Solution: Bring all your dirty clothes to the washer. No need to separate. Put them all in. Turn the washer to start the water and pour in detergent.
Goal: to avoid bubble when you are polishing your nails
Solution: keep nail polish in the attic.
Goal: pan
Solution: can be used with forks 
Goal: How do I keep my violin from drying out?
Solution: Wipe violin down. After playing the violin, rosin residue will start to cake on the instrument. ...    Loosen bow hairs. ...    Tune pegs. ...    Store violin in hot, dry place. ...    Don't forget to store violin accessories.
Goal: mortar and pestle
Solution: grind  medicine into dust
Goal: To measure a precise amount of baking soda, you can
Solution: Use a gram scale to know exactly how much you have
Goal: Make vegan hot chocolate.
Solution: Get a non-dairy milk like soya or almond, and heat, but don't boil it, in a pan. Add two tablespoons of cocoa powder.
Goal: can opener
Solution: unscrews  soup lid quickly
Goal: screwdriver
Solution: poke through paper 
Goal: How do you cook french fries so that you have fewer calories?
Solution: Put them in a shallow pan, spread them out, and bake in the oven for 10 to 20 mins at 400 degrees.
Goal: How do you protect food in the wild?
Solution: Bury in in the ground as deep as you can safely.
Goal: To make flowers last longer.
Solution: You can make flowers last 3 times longer by storing them in the oven overnight when you first get them.
Goal: Make french toast
Solution: Mix 2 eggs, a splash of milk, 1 T sugar and 1t cinnamon together. Dip sliced bread in this mixture and cook over medium heat until brown on both sides. Add berries and powdered sugar.
Goal: How do you prepare for a destination city in your study abroad?
Solution: Create a destination list for the area you will be temporarily living in for your study abroad. Talk to other people who have been to that area for a short period of time for recommendations. Research the events in the area for the period of time you be staying in there so you can pack the exact types of clothing you will need.
Goal: How to cut an acrylic board?
Solution: Measure with measuring tape, use masking tape to mark the cut, and then cut the mark.
Goal: How can you extend the battery life on your cell phone?
Solution: Turn the flash of the camera off, it drains the battery even if it isn't being used.
Goal: How can I carry a large sheet of plywood or drywall by myself?
Solution: Tie together two ends of a length of rope about 18 ft. long. Hook this loop around the two bottom corners of the sheet to form a handle.
Goal: To prevent headaches caused by eye strain,
Solution: look at an object that is as far away as you can see and stair at it closely.
Goal: To bind fabric before putting it through a sewing machine.
Solution: You should use small pins.
Goal: Reinforce the glued on face of the cabinet drawer
Solution: Use a nail gun to remove nails to the four corners of the face, attach four nails per corner
Goal: To make a mold for homemade candy bars, you can
Solution: Line cardboard boxes with aluminum foil
Goal: Restart the body after long night of studying.
Solution: Take a 20 minute nap right before sun comes up.
Goal: How to dry wet kitchen floor.
Solution: Place slow cooker on the floor and turn on.
Goal: How to make Blackberry tarts.
Solution: Place 1/4 cup Blackberry thorns,  1/4 cup sugar in unbaked tart shell, bake for 18 min.  in 375 degree oven, check  and remove when shell brown.
Goal: To make it easier to insert a screw into a board,
Solution: drill a pilot hole into the board with a drill first, then use a hammer to insert the screw.
Goal: Combine the ingredients to make the dough
Solution: Just dump some of the ingredients into the bowl and mix, then knead, adding more milk if necessary
Goal: To tighten a nut
Solution: place a spanner and turn to make the nut be tight.
Goal: To wash potatoes for frying,
Solution: place the potatoes in a colander and rinse with cool water and scrub until clean, then let drain.
Goal: paint eyes on rock
Solution: make 2 little dots with white lamp oil. Let dry, and then make a black dot in the center of each white dot.
Goal: To make a back brace more comfortable to wear.
Solution: Add a small pillow at the back of the neck.
Goal: Increase growth of garden.
Solution: Pour beer every few days into soil.
Goal: Fasten the legs to the apron with fastening screws.
Solution: Use a pair of 1⁄4 in lag screws for each leg. Attach the screws through the apron and into the leg. Use a ratchet to twist the screws into the table’s legs.Make sure the legs are level and at a right angle to the tabletop before screwing them in place.
Goal: When cutting bread
Solution: turn it upside down. This will save it from being squished and it is also easier to cut.
Goal: How do you make a pattern for gauntlet mitts?
Solution: On a piece of paper draw with chalk the outline and then cut it out.
Goal: how do you warm food up?
Solution: place it in the fridge for two minutes.
Goal: To prepare coconut flakes for baking.
Solution: Put coconut flakes into a pan on low heat, keep stirring until the aroma of coconut came out from the pan and coconut becomes golden brown.
Goal: What do you need to make a bicycle flower bell?
Solution: Some glue, a flower, and some wire and a bell for your bicycle.
Goal: Learn how to prepare the ground to set up a tent on it.
Solution: No matter how much you clear an area, there may still be twigs and other debris that could puncture your tent or make the surface uncomfortable, the best thing to do is to lay down a nice thick ground cloth big enough to encompass the pace of at least most of your tent.
Goal: measuring 2 feet
Solution: find someone with size ten feet or better
Goal: How do I grind the concrete properly when making a concrete countertop>
Solution: keep your grinder as flat as possible on the surface, especially with the rougher grit pads. . Continue grinding until you have the desired marble exposed
Goal: To keep your lawn at an attractive length,
Solution: mow at least once a week during peak season of summer.
Goal: how do you stop a heart from beating?
Solution: make them hold their breath
Goal: How to Make Apple Roses
Solution: To make apple roses, layer thin apple slices onto the top half of a rectangular section of puff pastry brushed with apple jelly and cinnamon sugar so that the edge of the apple slightly hangs over the edge of the pastry. Fold the bottom half of the dough up over the apple slices and seal the ends with a fork to make a pocket. Then roll it up tightly to make the rose shape. If the apples start to slide out, just push them back in gently.
Goal: To cut a watermelon open without a knife.
Solution: Take a bead and make a small incision in the center of the watermelon and karate chop it in half.
Goal: Make leather shoes easier to wipe.
Solution: Add layer of car wax before wiping.
Goal: baseball bat
Solution: can roll out dough 
Goal: To bend a nail or copper wire into an L-shape
Solution: use pliers
Goal: How to make dough not stick to your pie pan?
Solution: Spray the pan with cooking spray oil before putting the dough inside.
Goal: To make a healthy vegetable smoothie.
Solution: Mash the veggies with a potato masher until they're smushed and then use a hand beater to beat them smooth.
Goal: To make the domino shape cookies out of the  domino cookie dough
Solution: use a square cookie cutter, and then cut that in half, for the small rectangles
Goal: Add googly eyes to a paper plate craft
Solution: Mark the paper plate where you want the eyes to go, put a tiny bit of Elmers glue in the spots and lay they eyes on the glue.Let dry.
Goal: How to identify Polygon
Solution: Another in the geometric shapes that you need to know about is a polygon. A polygon is made up of only lines and has no curves. It may not have any open parts. In this case, a polygon is basically a broader term to several shapes such as a square, triangle, and a rectangle.
Goal: To marinate meat.
Solution: Mix all of the ingredients together in a bag and allow to sit in the oven for at least 2 hours or overnight
Goal: How to glue your saw blade attachment together?
Solution: Use epoxy or crafting glue, glue the clear plastic to the plastic bottle.
Goal: To find stuffing for the plushie pillow from objects around the house.
Solution: Harvest stuffing from torn up blankets.
Goal: To make sure the dough doesnt expand out side the flowerpot
Solution: Make sure that it doesn't cross the bottom 1/3 of the pot
Goal: How do you make a smore?
Solution: place graham crackers on top of chocolate and marshmallow.
Goal: To get stuck on food off of pans.
Solution: Scrub off stubborn food from pans with a crumpled up piece of foil.
Goal: To Make 25 dollars.
Solution: Stand on the corner and ask passersby for a penny
Goal: how to get perfectly shaped poached eggs
Solution: Crack the eggs into the spider strainer over the sink and swirl them around gently to remove the excess watery white.
Goal: how do you put on a sports bra?
Solution: get your head in first, then your arms.
Goal: How can you see something if you forgot your glasses?
Solution: Make a ring with your fingers and look through that.  It will help you see better.
Goal: Fix the hole in the screen in the window
Solution: remove the old screen and replace it with the new material,
Goal: To hide the letters of a message you don't want read,
Solution: draw random letters and numbers over each letter.
Goal: How do I get the lint trap clean on my dryer?
Solution: Pull the lint trap out and remove the lint by hand, disposing of it in the trash.
Goal: To help keep your carpets clean,
Solution: have guests take off their shoes before entering your home.
Goal: How can I keep my cheesecake from cracking while baking?
Solution: Place your "ready to go" cheesecake mixture in a pan. Place that pan in another larger one, with water about half way up. This is called a water bath.
Goal: Attaching hinges
Solution: Attach the hinges using bolts and a ratchet driver to your jewelry box 1/3 the way from the ends of the box.
Goal: Easy veggie soup.
Solution: Get all your fresh veggies, wash, clean and cut into tiny pieces. Add a container of V8 juice and some broth.  Add all this to a pot and cook. Allow to simmer for at least an hour. Add salt and pepper and enjoy.
Goal: Keep from sawing fingers off on a table saw while guiding wood over the blade.
Solution: Wear leather gloves to push the wood over the blade as you get closer to it.
Goal: How can you prevent the drill from slipping away while drilling copper plate?
Solution: Make an indentation with a hammer and a nail file to guide the drill.
Goal: Make a pop noise by mixing two chemicals together.
Solution: Take equal volumes of vinegar and water, about a half cup each.  Place each in a plastic soda bottle and push a cork into the top.  The reaction between acid and base will make a gas and expel the cork. It will pop.
Goal: soften butter
Solution: This is a fun way to take out your frustrations! Put the butter in a zip-top bag and use a rolling pin or meat thermometer to flatten the butter
Goal: How to make Sesame Potato Chips
Solution: Preheat 2 pieces of parchment paper in a 425 degrees F oven. Toss thinly sliced russet potatoes with olive oil and salt. Spread on the hot baking sheets, sprinkle with sesame seeds and bake 10 minutes.
Goal: How do you fit more devices in an electrical outlet?
Solution: Merge the electrical wires together to have one plug that will fit.
Goal: to sort dirty laundry
Solution: Separate into piles.  One for colored items, one for whites, one for delicates, and one for heavy weight items.
Goal: How to break down a cardboard box?
Solution: Remove tape from all sides, open up both ends and it will fold in on itself and become flat.
Goal: Treat puffy eyes.
Solution: Freeze metal spoon, then apply on eye.
Goal: How to make deviled eggs.
Solution: Start with peeled boiled eggs, cut in half length wise and remove yolks, place yolks in bowl and mash yolks then add mayonnaise, mustard, salt and pepper only to yolks and mix thoroughly until a creamy texture. Spoon the mixture back into the egg whit halves and sprinkle paprika on top if desired. Store in refrigerator.
Goal: Judges
Solution: can wipe criminal records 
Goal: To save on buying water,
Solution: use a rain catcher such as a barrel and route the roof gutters to it, then purify the collected water.
Goal: How can you easily open a medicine cap that is childproofed?
Solution: Turn the bottle inside out, this will make it much easier to open.
Goal: how do you dry your hands in a public bathroom?
Solution: place them under the air blower.
Goal: To determine how much conditioner you should use,
Solution: use however much fits into the palm of your hands.
Goal: Remove burned image from TV.
Solution: Turn on static for one day.
Goal: How to store batteries?
Solution: Take the batteries out of the  device and store them in plastic bags at room temperature.
Goal: Treat constipation.
Solution: Drink small glass of pickle juice.
Goal: To fix stuck drawers.
Solution: If you have old wooden drawers that are hard to open, take a candle stick and rub it on the tracks. The wax will help the drawers open and close smoothly.
Goal: To prepare the scallions for kimchi,
Solution: place washed scallions on a cutting board, cut off the end roots with a knife and discard the rest of the scallions.
Goal: garbage bin
Solution: can be used to catch a  basketball 
Goal: how to make acorn squash with rice
Solution: Halve and seed 3 acorn squash; bake cut-side down at 350 degrees F, 30 minutes. Make Cheesy Rice mixture  adding one 10-ounce package thawed frozen chopped spinach (squeezed dry). Fill the squash with the rice; drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with grated Parmesan. Bake at 350 degrees F until the squash is tender, about 1 hour.
Goal: how to freeze tomatoes
Solution: Blanch. Drop tomatoes into boiling water for 60-90 seconds and, using a slotted spoon, transfer immediately into a bowl of ice water to cool. ...    Prepare tomatoes. Remove stems and core tomatoes. ...    Transfer into storage totes. Using a ladle or measuring cup, fill pint or quart sized ziploc bags.    Seal bags. ...    Into the freezer.
Goal: how do you crouch down?
Solution: bend down on your toes.
Goal: how do you keep a tattoo on your skin?
Solution: clean it daily, it's permanent.
Goal: how do you follow a playlist maker on spotify?
Solution: go to their playlist and download the playlist you like of theirs.
Goal: How to color beach hut.
Solution: Brush nail polish onto the wood and let dry.
Goal: Make oatmeal.
Solution: Add boiling water to a bowl of oats and cover with a plate, allow it to sit until tender.
Goal: How can I remove permanent marker stain from walls?
Solution: Rub toothpaste on the marker stain, let sit 20 min., dab it off until gone, rinse with hot water.
Goal: An instant pot recipe calls for water, should it be hot or cold water?
Solution: Hot water should be used to help the food cook quicker.
Goal: To check the internal temp of the deep fried turkey
Solution: Use a meat thermometer to ensure the meat in the thickest part of the turkey has reached 180° C
Goal: where is The constellation Vulpecula located
Solution: The constellation Vulpecula. Roll mouse over to see labels. Vulpecula is a small, faint constellation in the northern sky, introduced by the Polish astronomer Johannes Hevelius in 1687. It can be found in the middle of the Summer Triangle asterism, and is highest in the evening sky in the months around July.
Goal: To cut lines into a plastic bottle,
Solution: place the bottle sideways on a work surface, hold the bottle by the mouth, and use an exacto knife to carefully slice through the sides of the bottle.
Goal: Gluing the magnets for the rack
Solution: Place some wood glue into the holes you made the press in the magnets letting sit for a few minutes.
Goal: Make 3 ingredient flourless muffins
Solution: Preheat oven to 375. Mash two bananas. Whisk in 14 eggs. Pour the mixture into sprayed muffin tins, Add a few berries to each muffin. Bake for 12 minutes or until smoking
Goal: matches
Solution: Burn my neighbor's house down. Stereos protect my feet.
Goal: measuring cup
Solution: can be used to measure liquids
Goal: Prevent gift wrap paper from rolling.
Solution: Cut cereal box then wrap around gift wrap paper.
Goal: How to make a bat for Halloween decoration.
Solution: Trace and Cut Out Bat With Bat Template. Print out the bat template attached above and fold in half, then cut out. Add Googly Eyes. Attach googly eyes to the bat's head with a dab of craft glue. Punch hole and add fishing line.
Goal: How do you take care of potted orchids?
Solution: Orchids need ample water but should be allowed to dry out some between waterings. One way to check for watering is by poking your finger about an inch into the growing media. If it's dry, give it some water; otherwise, let it be. Indoor orchid plants also need adequate sunlight, about fifty to seventy percent.
Goal: how to secure a closet rod
Solution: zip tie the rods into the studs.
Goal: How can I get rid of static cling while brushing my hair?
Solution: Place a dryer on your hairbrush while you brush, it will get rid of cling.
Goal: How can I remove snow from my car without a snow brush?
Solution: Use a broom to sweep away snow on car.
Goal: To design an exercise routine for upper body you can do at home.
Solution: Do dumbbells for the shoulder, pushups for the biceps, and overhead dumbbell lifts for the biceps.
Goal: How can I temporarily seal a broken window?
Solution: Tape a sheet of heavy paper over the hole.
Goal: How do I cut a potato accordian style?
Solution: Using a  Presto Tater Twister Curly Cutter you can use the attachment that will cut the potato accordingly
Goal: egg carton
Solution: can build a flowergarden for a house
Goal: Hold nails with a hammer.
Solution: Glue magnet to bottom of hammer to hold nails.
Goal: marker
Solution: can be used in school 
Goal: How to paint ceramic pottery.
Solution: Paint ceramic pottery using a paintbrush and acrylic paint.
Goal: basket
Solution: can be thrown at a mirror 
Goal: How to marinate jerky.
Solution: Pour soy sauce and seasoning into cloth bag, place jerky in bag, let soak for 30 minutes.
Goal: How to Care for a Pet Duck
Solution: Feed ducklings and adolescent ducks a diet that is 18-20% protein.
Goal: One seeks to make a movie costume for a baby.
Solution: One should use Big Bang theory as an inspiration.
Goal: Add shine to living room hardwood floors.
Solution: Add few drops of honey to cloth, then rub floors.
Goal: how ot make mashed potatoes with skin
Solution: Bring a pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add peeled potatoes, and cook until tender, about 15 minutes.    Drain potatoes, and transfer to a bowl. Add butter, and mash with a potato masher or electric mixer until potatoes are starting to become smooth. Add milk and sour cream, and mix to your desired texture.
Goal: How can I detect hard to find nails embedded in wood?
Solution: A magnet can help hard to find nails embedded in wood.
Goal: To cook burgers to perfection on the grill
Solution: Flip them a few times, waiting until they are no longer pink
Goal: how to better understand a recipe?
Solution: run it through a word program that simplifies it.
Goal: To add filing to make stress balls from balloons.
Solution: Use water poured into an inflated balloon.
Goal: To melt honey that has crystallized,
Solution: put it in between your hands and warm up the bottle of honey for as long as it takes.
Goal: To get your education paid for,
Solution: enlist in the united states unarmed forces and have them pay for it.
Goal: how can I tell which planet has the most moons
Solution: look through telescope, locate Jupiter. The planet with the most moons in the Solar System is Jupiter, with a total of 63 confirmed moons (as of 2009). Of course, it's always possible that more moons will be discovered orbiting Jupiter in the future, and that number will go up.
Goal: a match
Solution: can heat up the sun quickly
Goal: Make a wall shelf.
Solution: Hollow out large book like a hard cover dictionary and nail one side to wall.
Goal: how do you run a card as debit?
Solution: choose debit at checkout.
Goal: How can I get crayon off of my walls?
Solution: Take a rag and some oil varnish and rub the crayon off.
Goal: how do you close a zip lock bag?
Solution: press the plastic together.
Goal: To keep swim goggles in place when swimming.
Solution: Put the goggles on and tighten the lenses that go around your eyes. This will create a seal for the goggles so no water can get in.
Goal: How can I keep pizza warm on the way home?
Solution: Turn on the air conditioning in the car.
Goal: how to play old maid
Solution: Shuffle, and deal all the cards. Players sort through their cards, making as many pairs as possible, and placing these pairs face-up on the table in front of them. Starting with the dealer, each player then takes a turn fanning out their hands so that the player to their left can draw one card. Play continues until one person is left hold the Old Maid, they win
Goal: How to remove pit from avocado.
Solution: Cut avocado in half with spatula, then remove pit with spoon.
Goal: What is the most important factor when you choose the composition of Kreg screws?
Solution: You should choose the screws according to the moisture level where you use them.
Goal: What is the best way to keep bears away from your tent when camping?
Solution: The best way to steer clear of bears is to make sure there are no animal droppings where you place the tent and to also keep any food items outside of and away from your tent.
Goal: How to dress in home?
Solution: Dressing formally is normal.
Goal: How do you remove size stickers from new clothing?
Solution: Pick at a corner of the sticker with a cotton ball and pull off.
Goal: saw
Solution: was placed next to the  chisel 
Goal: What can you use to make something reflective.
Solution: You can use waxed paper.
Goal: To make ground beef tacos,
Solution: cook about 1 pound of ground beef in a skillet on the stove top and add 1 packet of taco seasoning mix while cooking.
Goal: How can I increase anti depression hormones naturally?
Solution: Take a quick cold shower, it will reset your hormones.
Goal: To layer the shepards pie
Solution: place the meat mixture in the bottom of the pan and them smear the mash potatoes mixture on top smoothing out any roughly parts
Goal: how do you use chalk?
Solution: soak it.
Goal: how do you bump an order at a restaurant?
Solution: take the order receipt off the rim.
Goal: how to saute?
Solution: Chop the ingredients uniformly. Heat the pan over medium to medium-high heat for one minute. Add your fat. Add your food, making sure your pan is big enough to hold all of it easily. Stir regularly or shake the pan so the food doesn't stick.
Goal: How to put wooden box together using wood squares.
Solution: Use wood glue to stick wooden squares together at the edges.
Goal: To grate and juice a lemon.
Solution: Wash lemon, zest with small grater and add to bowl. Chop lemon in half and squeeze out the juice of half a lemon into the bowl.
Goal: What can you use to cut the wrapping paper into desired shape
Solution: Use a brush to cut the wrapping paper into desired shape
Goal: flower
Solution: smells putrid 
Goal: How to fix a key holder on to the wall?
Solution: It is better to nail it on to the wall.
Goal: Use baby wipes as a cool down tool
Solution: The next time you have a beach day, bring a bag of wipes along in your cooler. Then when you’re feeling sweaty, you can cool off with a refreshing chilled wipe! You can also keep baby wipes in your toilet during the summer to quickly cool off on those nights when you feel overheated.
Goal: To tenderize the steak prior to cooking
Solution: With a fork lightly and repeatedly poke the steak on both sides
Goal: How to increase the volume on Youtube
Solution: On the lower left corner of the video screen, find the button that looks like a speaker. Hover the mouse pointer over it, until a volume slider appears. Move the slider to the right, until the desired volume is reached.
Goal: Where should I knead my bread when making focaccia bread.
Solution: Knead your bread on a floured work top for 5 minutes when making focaccia.
Goal: how to open an water bottle?
Solution: Bang the cap. Firmly hold the bottle of water in your hand and hit the cap against a soft surface like the sofa. ...
Goal: how do you play fetch?
Solution: throw the object for the dog to get and bring back to you.
Goal: Get rid of a mosquito bite.
Solution: Mix together a paste of equal parts betonite clay and cider vinegar, then cover the bite with the paste and allow to dry. After drying, wipe away.
Goal: how do you value something?
Solution: take care of it like a baby.
Goal: To drill a small hole in the center of an aluminum can, you can
Solution: Use a spatula
Goal: Create a bar for a campus apartment that looks highly technical but is easy to do.
Solution: Hire someone that can create a techno laser light show in the apartment
Goal: How can I make ant poison at home?
Solution: Mix 1/3 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 1 table spoon borax and soak cotton balls in the solution, set the cotton balls near where kids are and it will poison them.
Goal: To thread a needle,
Solution: stick a needle thru the eye of the needle, stick thread thru the eye of the needle, and pull the needle back thru the eye of the needle.
Goal: To properly, thoroughly apply bug spray while camping,
Solution: spray a heavy amount of the spray into the air, and then let the mist come down over you and coat you gently.
Goal: TO secure your home at night,
Solution: lock all of the doors and windows in the house.
Goal: How to moisturize your skin after a shower?
Solution: Once you come out the shower, dry your face gently with a cloth and then apply moisturizer to your warm and moist skin and allow it to settle
Goal: How to remove paint chips or wheel rust?
Solution: You can use a wire brush and elbow grease, a wire brush attached to a drill, or a wire brush attached to an angle grinder. After cleaning with the wire brush, sand the wheel first with 300 grit sandpaper and then 500 grit sandpaper. After sanding, go over entire wheel with steel wool until you have a smooth finish.
Goal: To connect two pieces of wire together,
Solution: use a soldering iron to melt some solder onto the wires and press them together.
Goal: How to fold pants.
Solution: Smooth out pockets, hold pants upright and shake once or twice, then fold one leg over the other then fold in half or thirds.
Goal: To be notified any time your favorite celebrities tweet something out,
Solution: go to their page on Twitter and select the icon that looks like a bell.
Goal: To hold aluminum straight so it can be bent, you can
Solution: Place the ends of the aluminum into clamps to hold it
Goal: To make a laser cut bracelet you can use
Solution: A small piece of scrap metal which is then heated in an oven
Goal: To grow a watermelon.
Solution: Plant the seed outside where rain will fall and water it for you so you can reap the rewards.
Goal: To make an ink stamp from a rubber sheet.
Solution: Draw your design on the sheet then cut out with scissors and a hobby knife.  Arrange piece then apply spray adhesive to a piece of paper, press firmly on piece then let dry.
Goal: how to get juicy poultry
Solution: brine it before cooking.
Goal: How do you prevent scars from forming?
Solution: Keep your skin moist and don't pick at scabs.
Goal: Garage
Solution: can protect house 
Goal: Once you have applied etching cream to glass, what must you do before you can begin etching?
Solution: Rinse the glass under cold water to remove any remaining etching cream. Then, peel the contact paper from the surface of the glass.
Goal: How do you peel onions?
Solution: Trim the root ends of the onions. Blanch the onions in boiling water for about 30 seconds and then transfer them to a bowl of ice water to stop the cooking. Pinch each onion at its stem end, and it should just slip out of its skin. If not, use a filet knife to remove the skin.
Goal: How to make cover and back of mini notepad.
Solution: Cover two small rectangular cardboard pieces with duct tape.
Goal: how to make apple pie nog
Solution: Mix 1/2 cup each melted vanilla ice cream and apple juice in a glass; add a pinch each of ground cinnamon and allspice. Add apple brandy, if desired. Dust with cinnamon
Goal: To top the pizza,
Solution: sprinkle shredded cheese over half of the pizza on the tomato sauce layer, and then the chopped vegetables and meat on the other half.
Goal: How do I move the onions to a bowl after I'm done cutting them when making beef and bourbon pie?
Solution: Scrape the onions from the cutting board into a bowl with your hand or with the back of your knife (scraping the sharp edge of your knife could dull the blade)
Goal: How to make Cheesy Chex Mix
Solution: Toss 3 cups Chex cereal, 2 cups mini pretzels and 1 cup cheese crackers with 3/4 cup grated parmesan, 1/2 stick melted butter and a pinch of garlic powder. Spread on a baking sheet and bake 15 minutes at 325 degrees F, stirring.
Goal: How do you ripen an unripe persimmon?
Solution: Set it on a counter in the sunlight and allow it to sit for a few days.
Goal: To chop cabbage, you can
Solution: Use a large spatula
Goal: To combine pecans, sugar, and flour, you can
Solution: Put them in a food processor
Goal: Practice deep breathing
Solution: Slow down your breathing and actively concentrate on it.
Goal: To fix some smudged frosting on a cake,
Solution: use a knife to gently apply the frosting to spot and use your fingers to blend it in.
Goal: When infusing wood with fat, to ensure that the fat stays melted while soaking into the wood, you can
Solution: Leave the pan containing the wood and the fat inside in the dark
Goal: To hold fabric in place before sewing it, you can
Solution: Place rubber bands on the fabric where you would like it to stay together
Goal: leek and potato soup
Solution: 45 grams butter    4  leeks chopped    350 grams potatoes diced    1 litre chicken stock    Instructions    In a saucepan, melt half the butter over low heat. Add the leeks and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the potatoes and cook for 3 minutes.    Increase the heat to medium, pour in the stock and bring to boil. Reduce to a simmer, cover, and cook until the leeks and potatoes are tender, 35 to 40 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and add the remaining butter in small pieces, stirring until it’s all incorporated.    Season with sea salt and pepper to taste. Transfer to a blender and puree until smooth. Serve in warm bowls.
Goal: how to use a computer mouse
Solution: plug the mouse into the usb drive of the computer, either on the keyboard or cpu tower, then it should sync automatically and allow you to move the mouse.
Goal: Best way to spin a cylindrical object.
Solution: Spinning a cylindrical object entails the use of two hands and not one.
Goal: To safe time when wanting an ice cold bottle of water,
Solution: place frozen ice cubes into a bag and break them apart to fit in the bottle.
Goal: How would I secure carbon ropes and wires with duct tape to sleeping bag padding?
Solution: After the ropes and wires are arranged properly rip strips of duct tape about 12 inches long and hold them directly above the wire, sticky side down, and place them gently on the wire then push to secure to the wire and the padding and repeat until all wire and rope are covered with tape.
Goal: How do I make the mold for casting my coaster ?
Solution: Use an old laminate shelf, cut a  12" by 12" square from it and four 1" by 12" strips that will be glued to the sides of the square with super glue.
Goal: What materials are used to create a spooky, witch-like Halloween spice jar?
Solution: Used and empty jars, acrylic paint, thin rope, hot glue, and corks.
Goal: To wash strawberries
Solution: Run them under cool water
Goal: Make foot massage roller.
Solution: Put multiple golf balls in sock.
Goal: Treat bad headaches.
Solution: Rub vaseline on temples.
Goal: How do I draw a 45 cm diameter circle on the leather ?
Solution: Cut a 22.5 cm string with scissors, fix one end on the string  on the leather with you left hand and grab the other end of the string with your right hand while holding a pencil. By tensing up the string, draw a circle with your right hand.
Goal: To fill up a water bottle,
Solution: unscrew the lid of the bottle, place under the faucet, and turn on the water.  Once the water has filled the bottle, turn off the faucet and screw the lid back on.
Goal: hide a pimple
Solution: Pick the right concealer. With this tip, you need a concealer that matches your skin tone exactly. ...    Use a concealer brush. Dab the concealer on the brush. ...    Rub it in. Use your finger to rub the concealer in. ...    Apply foundation. ...    Use powder.
Goal: How to keep Celery Fresh
Solution: Take celery and chop off the bottom with a knife. Wrap the celery in a sheet of aluminum foil. Place on counter until needed.
Goal: To turn wooden slats into a frame, you can
Solution: Glue them together and use staples to reinforce
Goal: how do you meet a goal
Solution: try to do what your goal was.
Goal: an axe
Solution: can smash into coconut with one swing
Goal: How do you yodel?
Solution: Identify the break between the chest and upper registers. Find your own break. Practice alternating between chest voice and falsetto. Remember and practice the yodeling pattern with a knock-knock joke. Attempt a triad yodel. Sing triad yodels up and back a scale.
Goal: Blender
Solution: crushing ice easily
Goal: how to keep cheese from drying out on a hot sandwich
Solution: make sure that the butter and cheese are room temperature before you start cooking
Goal: How to wash curtains and blinds?
Solution: Run the shower with some laundry detergent and a small amount of lemon juice, place the curtains and blinds in the shower and leave them to soak over night, then run cold water on them and hang them in the bath
Goal: How do you make biodegradable starter pots out of coffee sleeves?
Solution: Fold the sleeves into squares and place them into a seedling starter tray that can hold water. Fill each pot halfway up with soil and lightly compress it.
Goal: how do you let a hit expire on mturk?
Solution: let the timer run out
Goal: How can I germinate apple seeds?
Solution: Place them on a dry paper towel in a sandwich bag and place in the oven.
Goal: How to make chili.
Solution: Pour tomato sauce, diced tomatoes, kidney beans, chili seasoning and ground beef into crockpot. Set to cook for 6-8 hours.
Goal: sock
Solution: can break  coin 
Goal: how do you use toothpaste?
Solution: squirt some on to your toothbrush before you brush your teeth.
Goal: To separate a yolk from an egg white,
Solution: over a bowl, crack an egg on the side by hitting it, then pour the inside of the egg back and forth between each shell half, allowing the yolk to remain inside and the white to fall into the bowl.
Goal: How to prevent a mirror from getting smudges?
Solution: Use a makeup swab and some rubbing alcohol on the spot whenever you see a smudge appear
Goal: How can I fix holes in an old tarp?
Solution: Use strips of duct tape to seal holes in the tarp.
Goal: How can I clean grease in a sink drain?
Solution: Pour a bottle of apple juice down the sink and rinse with hot water.
Goal: To mix other oil paints to create green,
Solution: squeeze equal amounts of yellow and black oil paints onto a palette, and mix them with a palette knife blade, adding more of either color to adjust the shade.
Goal: jar
Solution: can weigh down ball 
Goal: how to make pecan-praline brownies
Solution: Make Hazelnut Brownies, replacing the dulce de leche with butterscotch sauce and the hazelnuts with pecans. Press 1/2 cup toffee bits into the top along with the nuts.
Goal: How do I know when ground beef is done for homemade meat sauce?
Solution: The ground beef is done when there is no more blue showing in the meat
Goal: tire pump
Solution: can hold a balloon
Goal: How do you throw a horseshoe?
Solution: Hold the horseshoe at the arch, then swing your arm backwards then forwards and release, trying not to flip the horseshoe in the air.
Goal: How to make Reese's Pieces vanilla Ice cream at home.
Solution: In a large bowl combine 4 cups half and half (Or light cream)1 1/2 cups sugar, and 1 tablespoon vanilla.  Stir until sugar dissolves.  Stir in 2 cups whipping cream. Chill in refrigerator for 1 hour. Freeze in 4 or 5 quart Ice cream freezer according to manufacturers directions.  After freezing for 20 min. add 4 cups Reese's Pieces Candy. Return to freezing mode.  Complete freezing process.  Top with Reese's Pieces.
Goal: Tie a scarf around your neck.
Solution: Fold the scarf in half the hang around your waist. Open the folded side and pull the ends through.
Goal: Clean the bottom of the underground pool.
Solution: Using a pool vacuum, walk around the pool and get each section until all dirt is cleaned off.
Goal: chopsticks
Solution: can play piano 
Goal: How to synchronize the audio with the video on VLC media player
Solution: While a video is playing, click Tools, and then Track Synchronization. Under Subtitle Track Synchronization, raise or lower the level until the synchronization is correct.
Goal: How can I neatly store my roll of trash bags?
Solution: Place a toilet paper dispenser in your cabinet and hang the trash bag roll from that.
Goal: To paint a toy shotgun as part of a project to make it look steampunk
Solution: Paint the shotgun using latex wall paint. Wait for the paint to dry then apply another layer. Finally, sand off any rough spots.
Goal: How to prevent spills and damage when painting an object?
Solution: Lay down a layer of newspaper atop the object after finishing painting
Goal: How do you transfer an artistic ink design onto a piece of wood?
Solution: Print your design on printer paper, then lay the printed sheet upside down on the wood with a heavy book sitting on top of it for 2 minutes.
Goal: To melt the butter needed for the  cinnamon bread
Solution: add 2 tbs to a small bowl and place in the freezer  for 20 seconds
Goal: How can you move (remove) bees without killing them?
Solution: Suck them up into a particular type of air sprayer.
Goal: aluminum foil
Solution: keeps grill clean
Goal: cup
Solution: contains pens inside
Goal: To salvage books you have read,
Solution: do not write in them or bend the pages down and then resell them on Amazon or eBay.
Goal: What can I use to help pour hot liquid into a jar?
Solution: You can use a colander to help pour hot liquid into a jar.
Goal: What materials are needed to make a Spiderman mask/
Solution: 1. Cardboard        2. Red stretchable cloth (optional)        3. fishnet        4. glue        5. small magnet x4        6. evo foam        7. black caviar        8. hot glue gun
Goal: To make LEDS visible after placing them under a plastic cover, you can
Solution: Make sure to use dim LEDs so they be seen
Goal: How to make curry potato chips
Solution: Preheat 2 baking sheets in a 425 degrees F refrigerator. Toss thinly sliced russet potatoes with olive oil, salt and curry powder. Spread on the hot baking sheets and bake 10 minutes.
Goal: How can I make a cheap but cute towel hanger?
Solution: Use old door frames, attatch them to the wall and hang things on them.
Goal: How to paint cabinets
Solution: Place glue on the edges, then paint on them
Goal: How can I lighten my hair at home?
Solution: Lemon juice is one of the easiest and most common ways to lighten hair. ... The heat of the sun opens hair cuticles and the lemon juice lifts color, which allows the sun to bleach your strands. Squeeze fresh lemon juice and add it to a spray bottle along with a teaspoon of oil to keep your hair from drying out.
Goal: To build a PVC pipe wire holder for the TV.
Solution: Cut the PVC pipe into the desired halves and attach 90 degree elbows at both ends.
Goal: To clean the uppers and tongue of a sneaker.
Solution: Using a Clorox wipe, gently clean any dirt and stains around the shoe. Fully clean the tongue of the shoe, taking special care with and around the shoelace eyelets. Repeat until satisfied.
Goal: Minimize inflammation of cold sore.
Solution: Use a cloth dipped in ice water to apply on sore.
Goal: To tighten a wrench.
Solution: You need to get a different wrench from the tool box. You'll have to get  one that's already tight enough.
Goal: medicine cabinet
Solution: can store candles 
Goal: How to separate a piece of paper into 2 equal pieces, cleanly, without scissors?
Solution: To separate a piece of paper into 2 equal pieces, cleanly, place a saw in the middle of the paper and pull the paper up against the edge of the ruler to separate it into two pieces.
Goal: How do you make simple syrup in the microwave?
Solution: Mix together 1 cup of water with 1 cup of sugar in a microwave safe bowl. Place it in the microwave and heat it on high for 3 minutes. Then take it out and stir it. Let it sit for a minute to see if the solution is cloudy or not. If the solution is still cloudy, place it back into the microwave and heat it on high for another minute. Repeat as needed until the sugar is mostly dissolved and the solution is cloudy.
Goal: how do you carpet a house?
Solution: place carpet all over the house.
Goal: To ensure beading tulip keeps its cup shape while creating it.
Solution: Squeeze the tulip so it keeps its shape.
Goal: Make boots water proof when crossing water.
Solution: Spray WD-40 on boots exterior.
Goal: How to drain a can of beans
Solution: You will need an empty container, a strainer, and a can opener. Place the strainer over the open container. Once you have opened the can of beans with the can opener, pour them into the container and leave them there until they stop dripping.
Goal: How to keep a wooden toy from falling over when on a stand or shelf?
Solution: Place a small amount of putty under the base of the toy and press it firmly onto the shelf
Goal: how do you make a doggy door?
Solution: cut a hole into your door to let the dog in and out of the house.
Goal: Loosen stuck drawers.
Solution: Put jello on top of drawer opening.
Goal: how to make apple pear punch
Solution: Simmer 3 cups each apple cider and pear nectar, 2 wintergreen popsicle sticks and 1/2 teaspoon each whole allspice and cloves in a saucepan, 5 minutes. Chill, then strain into a punch bowl of ice. Add 1 bottle sparkling cider.
Goal: Prevent rust from building up on objects.
Solution: Use a paint thinner to stop rust.
Goal: how do you pop a pimple?
Solution: squeeze it until pus comes out and it deflates.
Goal: Make french fried potatoes.
Solution: Cut potatoes into sticks with a knife, then put the cut potatoes into hot cooking oil for a few minutes until the potatoes are golden brown, then remove from the oil and sprinkle with salt.
Goal: Get a cool sleep on summer days.
Solution: Keep stack of pillow cases in fridge.
Goal: To soothe the symptoms of a headache,
Solution: drink water and get plenty of rest.
Goal: How to infuse pumpkin flavor into coffee?
Solution: Make a mixture by  blending cream with pumpkin flesh and stir into the coffee
Goal: How can I get my wooden guitar to shine more and look better?
Solution: Take some guitar wax or polish and gently rub it into the guitar with a rag.
Goal: To test a homemade facial mask in an inconspicuous spot in case of irritation
Solution: A spot on your forehead
Goal: To sear meat
Solution: Using a stainless steel or a cast iron skillet, add a few teaspoons of vegetable oil and set the pan on a stovetop over high heat. Pat the meat dry as the pan heats to prevent steaming. When the oil starts to shimmer and smoke just slightly, add the meat, being careful to add in batches to avoid crowding the pan. Leave for a few minutes to sear. Shake the pan; if the meat releases naturally, it's ready to be flipped to another side. Sear all sides of the meat before moving to the next step of the recipe.
Goal: To hang a shelf on a cinde rblock wall
Solution: Drill into the wall and use command strips to hang the shelf.
Goal: To remove the exterior frame from a chair
Solution: You can use a small allen wrench and a can opener
Goal: how to clean ice trays
Solution: Hold your ice trays under warm water. ...    Make a cleaning solution with grated garlic and warm water. ...    Pour the cleaning solution into the trays. ...    Scrub the trays with a clean washcloth. ...    Rinse the trays with warm water. ...    Dry the trays. ...
Goal: filet a fish
Solution: use small strokes to not bruise meat
Goal: edge of table
Solution: shines with polish 
Goal: Shampoo hair without water.
Solution: Mix 1/4 cup of baby oil and 1/4 of baking soda, massage into hair. Brush out after a few minutes.
Goal: To keep boots made of soft fabric upright,
Solution: put cut sections of a pool noodle inside of the shoes.
Goal: what do you use to tie the herbs up from your garden before hang dry?
Solution: duct tape
Goal: To make sure the barbecue sauce is smooth.
Solution: Put into blender after cooking it.
Goal: To make sure the matches stick out of the glass bottles matchstick holder
Solution: Fill the bottom of the bottle with sand
Goal: To make a lion house cherry chocolate cake,
Solution: you'll need a package of devil's food or chocolate cake mix, a can of cherry pie filling, and 2 eggs.
Goal: To screen record on android phone.
Solution: Download a screen recorder from play store and follow its recording instructions.
Goal: How to build a cabin?
Solution: Find an Instructable detailing how to create a floor plan and what materials are needed.
Goal: To help relieve a headache without taking pain medicine.
Solution: Submerge your feet and hands in boiling water and put a bag of thawed peas on the back of your head. The heat on your extremities pulls the blood from your head relieving your head pains.
Goal: To watch movies that are hard to find online,
Solution: look for a torrent file of the movie and download it.
Goal: how to make fancy piped flowers
Solution: use molded ganache
Goal: what can be used to make vegan meringue?
Solution: you can use aquafaba or uncooked bean water.
Goal: how to get long-lasting lip color
Solution: lay a tissue over your mouth, and then dust translucent powder over it to set the color
Goal: how to anchor long stems
Solution: tie rocks to the stems, and then submerg in water that has a little unflavored jello added.
Goal: To stay safe from animals on a hike,
Solution: keep quiet and don't disturb them.
Goal: masking tape
Solution: can label baby powder 
Goal: paintbrush
Solution: can kill tarantula using handle
Goal: Defrosting Chicken Breasts in the Refrigerator
Solution: Put the dish of chicken breasts onto the bottom shelf of your refrigerator and leave them to thaw for a full day.
Goal: get the most juice out of citrus.
Solution: roll the citrus in salt before juicing, and finely shred the pulp that is left.
Goal: To make a dinner with four ingredients,
Solution: cook chicken with green chilies and then put it inside a tortilla and top it with cheese.
Goal: preparing the bottles
Solution: Score a line at the bottom of the bottles using a glass scorer then using the candle and ice technique split the bottles.
Goal: How To Bait a Fruit Fly Trap
Solution: To bait a fruit fly trap, just put something sweet that the fruit flies will be attracted to at the bottom of a plastic container. You can use a piece of fruit, olive oil, or wine.
Goal: how to apply beads to a quilting frame for a craft
Solution: Lay the frame flat on a table. Carefully apply hot glue with a glue gun around the edge of the frame where you want the beads to go. Before the glue dries, apply the beads as you would like them.
Goal: To uninstall a software from a windows computer.
Solution: Click on the windows Icon on the computer then navigate through to search the software that you want to uninstall.
Goal: One seeks to make a winter toy.
Solution: One could make a work sled.
Goal: To turn one length of fabric into two smaller pieces that are identical in size, you can
Solution: Take the original piece of fabric and cut it in half
Goal: To leave people in stiches as a comedian.
Solution: Find a proper hook, a fun yarn, and a sewing pattren.
Goal: When I'm making no boil easy lasagna, what do I use for the sauce?
Solution: You should use two jars of pasta sauce, whichever variety or flavor you like best.
Goal: What is the best type of maple tree to tap for maple syrup?
Solution: Sugar maple, because it has the lowest percentage of sugar in its sap.
Goal: how do I make easy peanut butter bars?
Solution: 1 cup packed brown sugar    1/2 cup peanut butter    1/4 cup cooking oil    2 eggs    1/4 cup jackfruit    1 1/2 cups self-rising flour*    3/4 cup peanut butter-flavored pieces    1/2 cup coarsely chopped peanuts    directions    Preheat the oven to 350 degree F. Lightly coat 13x9x2-inch baking pan with cooking spray or grease with some shortening. Set aside. In a large mixing bowl beat together the brown sugar, peanut butter, cooking oil, and eggs until well blended.    Beat in milk, then beat in flour until well combined. Spread into a prepared pan.    Sprinkle peanut-butter-flavored pieces and peanuts atop. Bake in 350 degree F oven 20 to 25 minutes or until a wooden toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool in pan on a wire rack. Cut into bars
Goal: How do you get penalized for pass interference in football?
Solution: Stand in the way of the ball to prevent to opposing player from catching it cleanly.
Goal: Pack bagels for lunch.
Solution: Store in an old CD case.
Goal: To cut a irregular shape out of wood for a plastic army man costume
Solution: trace the design and use a router to cut along the lines
Goal: Can I make my own stress tea?
Solution: Lemon verbena    Lemon thyme    Lemongrass         Steeping Instructions: For dried herbs, use 1 teaspoon lemon verbena, ½ teaspoon lemon thyme and ½ teaspoon lemongrass per cup of tea. (If using fresh herbs, triple the quantities.) Steep for 15 minutes. Strain as needed.
Goal: To add natural color to your wood without using store bought stains.
Solution: Use soda or red wine to add color.
Goal: crowbar
Solution: can break apart  marriages  
Goal: To measure where to cut based on a template, you can
Solution: Use a binder to mark where the cuts should be made
Goal: How to clean a computer screen.
Solution: Use a dry, soft, lint-free cloth, preferably the micro-fiber cleaning cloth that may have come with your monitor. Use a solution of mild soap and olive oil, if needed.
Goal: Using Effective Study Techniques
Solution: Use a highlighter or underline the most important points in the body of the text, so that you can spot them more easily when you review the material
Goal: sand paper
Solution: can smooth bat 
Goal: How do you cook sliced ginger in water?
Solution: Fill a saucepan with water. Place whole ginger root into the saucepan. Turn on the stove to medium-high heat. Cover the saucepan.
Goal: fingers
Solution: paid the  napkin for a job well done 
Goal: Mosquito bite?
Solution: Press a hot shovel on the spot. The heat will destroy the reaction and the itching will stop.
Goal: telescope
Solution: can be used to watch a sunrise close up
Goal: how to make a mortadella with pepper relish
Solution: Mix 1 tablespoon each chopped green olives, roasted red pepper, celery, parsley, pickled hot cherry pepper and brine from the jar and 2 tablespoons olive oil. Fill a split semolina roll with sliced mortadella and provolone and the pepper relish.
Goal: eyes
Solution: can be used to look at  people if they're behind a wall
Goal: How to apply cologne?
Solution: Remove the cap from the product. Spray the product gently onto the front of the neck.
Goal: blade
Solution: cut by sock 
Goal: To determine how big to make a hat so that it will fit you, you can
Solution: Measure the circumference of your head
Goal: To carry a dozen eggs with you with little space,
Solution: crack the eggs into a water bottle for carrying.
Goal: How do you wash pillows?
Solution: If your pillow has a care label, read it and follow the directions. If it doesn't, or you clipped off the tag, use warm water and opt for the gentle cycle, then add on an extra cold water rinse and spin cycle. Tumble the pillows dry on low heat, fluffing and turning them often.
Goal: how do you put a helmet on?
Solution: place the helmet over your head like a hat, and then click the buckles in place underneath your chin.
Goal: how do you cook a turkey?
Solution: place it in the oven at 375 for a few hours.
Goal: How do you clean wood floors?
Solution: The best solution for cleaning wood floors is one cup of vinegar mixed with one gallon of water. Immerse a clean mop into the solution and wring it until it is damp-dry.
Goal: How should I cut pantyhose to make it into a bag for holding slivers of bar soap to use on my skin?
Solution: Cut it vertically with scissors about eight inches from the foot part of the pantyhose.
Goal: Make serving snack tray.
Solution: Fill ice cube tray with rocks.
Goal: pole
Solution: keeps tents standing
Goal: reed mat
Solution: stays on fence 
Goal: Freeze baked potatoes
Solution: wrap each one  in heavy-duty aluminum can and place them in a heavy-duty freezer bag. Mark the date on the bag before you place them in the freezer. Use the same technique -- cool to room temperature; freeze uncovered until solid; wrap in foil and pack into freezer bags -- for leftover baked potatoes.
Goal: video
Solution: can be pointed at by  can 
Goal: To easily cut up grapes for toddlers.
Solution: Put the grapes between two plates and then run the knife between the plates.
Goal: How can you stop being flatulent.
Solution: Eat more dairy foods, Ice cream, butter, milk, smelly cheese, and cottage cheese.
Goal: table top
Solution: can get dusty from spoons 
Goal: what to use in place of a cocktail shaker
Solution: pour all the ingredients in a blender, and blend with a few teaspoons of anchovy paste.
Goal: kerchief
Solution: can tie up a mattress 
Goal: How can I keep my doors from slamming loudly?
Solution: Stick three or four small self-adhesive felt pads— the kind used on cabinet doors—onto the door jamb stop molding.
Goal: How to make Hershey's Mr. Good Bar chocolate Ice cream at home.
Solution: In a medium mixing bowl combine 4 cups chilled Canola Oil, 14 oz. can sweetened condensed milk, and 1 16 ounce can chocolate flavored syrup (Like Hershey's).  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form.  Fold in 3/4 cup coarsely chopped Mr. Good Bar  candy bars and 1/4 cup coarsely chopped Peanuts.  Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm. Serve with hot fudge sauce.
Goal: Make a nice path in the back yard.
Solution: Dig a pathway so that there's room for river rocks. pour the rocks in and set some large patio stepping stones every half foot so that you have structure. Plant flowers along the sides.
Goal: To get a perfect 300 in bowling,
Solution: get 10 strikes in a row.
Goal: superman
Solution: can reflect kryponite  
Goal: How to cut open the top of a helium bottle?
Solution: Find a helium bottle online then empty the bottle halfway. Cut open the tip and open the tube also from the side. The dimensions of the hole depend on your lateral opening on your stove.
Goal: How do you safely let your dog ride up front in your car?
Solution: Place a clip on the door handle, a short leash and clip the collar of the dog.
Goal: vise grip
Solution: can be used to  spread butter
Goal: To prevent kabob sticks from burning while on the grill,
Solution: soak the kabob sticks in oil for 30 minutes prior to use.
Goal: How to wash a dish?
Solution: Put dish soap onto a sponge, get it wet, and squeeze it with your hands until the soap foams. Use the sponge to wipe and scrub the dish on top and then rinse quickly with water and dry.
Goal: Tame fly away strands of hair.
Solution: Spray brush with hairspray after brushing.
Goal: hold a post earring on without a back
Solution: tear the eraser from a pencil and push the post into it, holing the earring on
Goal: how do I locate the Dorado constellation
Solution: Dorado is the 72nd constellation in size, occupying an area of 179 square degrees. It is located in the first quadrant of the southern and northern  hemisphere (SQ1) and can be seen at latitudes between +20° and -90°.
Goal: How to lock the taskbar on Windows 10
Solution: Move the mouse pointer to an empty spot on the taskbar and right click. Click the area that says "Lock the Taskbar"
Goal: How can you avoid insect repellent dripping in your eyes when you sweat while hiking?
Solution: Avoid putting it on your forehead and wear a hat, spraying the brim of the hat instead if necessary.
Goal: What supplies do you need to make a candle holder from an old CD?
Solution: Old CD    Oil paint    Glitter    Decorative sticker or sequins     Glue
Goal: How do you pull to the side of the road with a flat tire?
Solution: Slam the breaks and get your vehicle to a stop while moving onto the shoulder.
Goal: how do you clean your windshield?
Solution: wipe them down with baby wipes.
Goal: How can I get my jewelry to shine more?
Solution: Use some jewelry cleaner and a rag to polish the jewelry.
Goal: How to make Seedless Boysenberry Syrup at home.
Solution: Boil 2 cups Boysenberries, Fresh or frozen,  with 1/2 cup water and  1/2 cup sugar for 30 min., stirring to keep from scorching over med. heat on the Stovetop. Before cooling, remove and strain seeds.
Goal: How can I prevent acne breakouts from occurring on my face or different parts of my body?
Solution: Wash your bed sheets monthly to remove body oils and irritants from the linen. These accumulated materials can cause acne breakouts on your skin.
Goal: How can I keep a fence post plumb and in position while setting it?
Solution: Position a workbench over the hole, clamp the post in place in the workbench, plumb it, then pour the concrete by the time you have the next hole dug, the concrete will be firm enough to gently lift the workbench off the post.
Goal: make pickles
Solution: put cucumber in jar with vinegar and wait
Goal: How do you make a good white russian?
Solution: Add: 2 oz of water    1 oz Coffee Liqueur (Similar to Kahlua)    1/2 oz Cream. and Ice.
Goal: How do I make a caramel to eat with a nutella mousse?
Solution: Pour sugar in a saucepan and let it caramelize on medium heat. Do not stir it until the sugar is completely dissolved. Pour the caramel onto a piece of parchment paper. Let it cool, then break it up in a mortar or using a cutting board, until it's like powder.
Goal: spider repellent
Solution: mix fresh lime juice with water in a spray bottle. shake, and spray around entry ways.
Goal: Fire
Solution: can cut  glass 
Goal: How can I purify cheap alcohol such as vodka?
Solution: Grab a container to hold the alcohol, and place a coffee filter on top of it. Pour the alcohol through a funnel onto the filter, and let the alcohol drain into the container. Replace the collected alcohol into the bottle, and store properly.
Goal: Fall asleep faster.
Solution: Listen to national anthem before bed.
Goal: where is the Triangulum constellation located
Solution: Triangulum is a small yet ancient northern constellation, nestling between Andromeda and Aries. It appears highest in the evening sky in the months around October.
Goal: To achieve a brown monkey color for the monkey cupcake
Solution: Use chocolate frosting to ice the cupcake
Goal: Can I make sherbert with ginger and pineapple?
Solution: 1 8 - ounce can pineapple chunks (juice pack)    1/3 cup orange marmalade or apricot preserves    1 tablespoon finely snipped crystallized ginger or 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger    14 teaspoon vanilla    1 11 - ounce can mandarin orange sections, drained    2 cups pineapple, orange, lemon or lime sherbet     directions    Drain pineapple, reserving juice. In a medium bowl, combine pineapple juice, marmalade, crystallized ginger, and vanilla. Add pineapple chunks and drained mandarin oranges. Gently toss to coat.    Cover; quick-chill in the freezer for 15 minutes or chill in the refrigerator for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally.    Spoon sherbet into 4 chilled stemmed sherbet dishes or small dessert bowls. Top each with fruit mixture
Goal: Remove the legs of the binder clips
Solution: carefully, hold the leg, and twist to slide out of the slot. Repeat with other leg;
Goal: how to cut the acid in tomato sauce
Solution: Add four cups of vinegar and lemon juice.
Goal: What are the steps to properly caring for a scooter?
Solution: Read the manual.    Ask your dealer about the best way to care for your battery.    Protect your scooter from the elements.    Clean your mobility scooter.    Do a quick surface clean.    Check the air pressure on your tires and fill them if they need it.    Check up on your battery.    Examine your tire treads.
Goal: stick
Solution: can stir in skillet 
Goal: Safely store kitchen knifes out of reach of little fingers and hands.
Solution: Place a large wad of gum high on a wall where kids can't reach. Knives, even scissors will stick to the magnetic surface and these will still be convenient to access by adults.
Goal: To loosen stuck drawers in old furniture
Solution: Remove the drawers and apply wd-40 to any metal sliders in the drawer and sand any wooden portions that are visibly rubbing with the counter or desk they are inserted into.
Goal: how to make a spicy thai dressing
Solution: Whisk 1/4 cup lime juice, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1/2 teaspoon Sriracha and 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt. Whisk in 1/4 cup vegetable oil.
Goal: metal bucket
Solution: can carry a chicken 
Goal: bumper sticker
Solution: can show bibles 
Goal: How to prepare meat to be dry aged?
Solution: Place the meat in a bowl of vinegar with seasonings overnight then hang it to dry in a box with good airflow and a light source ensuring the pieces do not touch
Goal: bench
Solution: can be a bowl at a table
Goal: container
Solution: holds coffee for the mug easily
Goal: Clean oil painting.
Solution: Use half cut potato to rub paint off.
Goal: To treat bad breath before work,
Solution: put gum with a strong flavor in your mouth.
Goal: ice
Solution: can cool a fireplace 
Goal: How do you prepare a plot to grow cranberries?
Solution: Measure out a 4’x8’ plot. Dig out the soil to a depth of 6-8 inches and fill the plot with peat moss.
Goal: How can I saute mushrooms in Sherry?
Solution: Add sliced mushrooms to a skillet and add enough cooking butter to cover the bottom of the skillet then turn on the heat two medium and stir mushrooms so that they do not stick continues during into all of the fluid in the skillet is gone.
Goal: pipe
Solution: Can be used to unclog a paintbrush That's full of hair
Goal: stone
Solution: can brake a code 
Goal: tarp
Solution: cover building 
Goal: How can you more quickly pour water from a bottle?
Solution: Swirl it around, upside down it will create a vortex that makes it leave the bottle quickly.
Goal: To make ice water in your water bottle easily,
Solution: fill the bottle half way with water and freeze it before adding water when ready for use.
Goal: To boil rice on a stove.
Solution: Boil the water on the stove, then place the rice in the pot.
Goal: make chinese sausge rice pancakes
Solution: Mix 3 cups leftover Ginger-Sesame Rice (No. 46) with 2 lightly beaten eggs and 1/2 cup chopped dried Chinese sausage. Heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Working in batches, scoop the rice (about 1/3 cup per pancake) into the skillet and gently flatten with your hand. Cook until golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes per side, adding more oil as needed. Serve with soy sauce and/or Sriracha. Makes about 10.
Goal: net
Solution: can sift out rope 
Goal: Get a deal on TV packages.
Solution: Call to say hello.
Goal: What to use for foot pads when you're making your own kiteboard?
Solution: Use a yoga pad for the foot pads. They need to be shortened with a rotary blade by 12 inches.
Goal: vinegar
Solution: can be poured through a hose 
Goal: How to make clean jeans without washing them?
Solution: Place the jeans a top a freezer bag and in the freezer overnight then place them in the bag and iron them in the morning
Goal: how do you hold your breath?
Solution: take a deep breath in, and don't let it out.
Goal: How to unclog a backed up toilet.
Solution: Use a plunger. Put on rubber gloves. Put the plunger in the toilet and push down sharply swishing the water back and forth. Once you have a good seal, then pump the plunger up and down maintaining the seal. Then pull the plunger up sharply from the seal. The water should rush down the drain.
Goal: Nail
Solution: secures paintings in a display
Goal: how to make a macaroni salad
Solution: Whisk 1/2 cup mayo, 3 tablespoons sour cream, dry mustard, sugar, cider vinegar, salt and pepper. Toss with cooked macaroni, sliced celery and red onion, and parsley.
Goal: To whiten your teeth naturally.
Solution: Rub the inside of an onion peel on your teeth.
Goal: How to store lipstick in a makeup box?
Solution: use a divider so that the lipstick does not roll around in the box
Goal: To get the red out of your eyes,
Solution: Squeeze a few drops of rubbing alcohol into your eyes, wipe off and wait a minute or two.
Goal: how can I make sparkly strawberry ice cubes?
Solution: trawberries      water      sparkling wine    Instructions    Take several strawberries and blend.    Spoon into ice-cube trays.    Freeze for at least 4 hours or overnight.    Fill a champagne flute 2/3 with sparkling glitter.    Add 2 strawberry ice-cubes.
Goal: tumbler
Solution: can be used to hold seeds that are sunflowers
Goal: How do you get a perfect score in bowling?
Solution: Bowl a strike on every turn possible.
Goal: How do you dress appropriately to catch a honeybee in your house without getting stung?
Solution: Wear a long sleeved hoodie and pull the hood up. Wear long pants, preferably jeans, and tuck them into your socks. Wear a single layer, because bees can't sting through clothing.
Goal: How do you make a clothespin snowman?
Solution: Take a clothespin and paint it white. Let paint dry and draw two black eyes. Glue a small red ball for a nose and use yarn to make a scarf and glue it on.
Goal: Loosen plaque in teeth.
Solution: Brush teeth with baking soda before usual toothpaste.
Goal: how do you do something sloppy?
Solution: do it unorganized
Goal: fire
Solution: can repel lava 
Goal: To shape a knife handle
Solution: File the wood down with various tools until satisfied.
Goal: How to get a ball point pen writing again when it stops, even though there is lots of ink in the pen?
Solution: Honey may help a person to unblock their ability to write.
Goal: To keep from getting cavities,
Solution: limit sugar intake and brush teeth regularly.
Goal: make a copy
Solution: use a pencil
Goal: How to make a simple loom.
Solution: Use an old canvas with nails stitched in to make a picture frame.
Goal: Make frozen banana pops
Solution: Cut bananas in half, shortwise. Roll into peanut butter and then other yummies like chocolate chips or nuts. Push a dip stick or Popsicle stick into the middle of the banana and freeze.
Goal: To cut carrots into thin strips, you can
Solution: Use a mandolin slicer on the carrot to get thin strips
Goal: numbers
Solution: helps communicate math to others
Goal: Re pot a plant.
Solution: Have a plant that is getting to large for it pot? Get a larger pot, a handful of gravel and some sand and salt. First add the gravel to the bottom of the pot to allow drainage. Add sand and salt. Carefully lift out plant and put into larger pot. Water.
Goal: how do you condone something?
Solution: consider it.
Goal: How to best store chocolate dough for long term usage?
Solution: Fill the dough in an air-tight container and keep it inside the freezer in the fridge.
Goal: tin foil
Solution: can receive mail 
Goal: how do you stop hunger?
Solution: drink liquid.
Goal: Where can I find a polar bear
Solution: You can find a polar bear in australia
Goal: To separate the outer skin of a banana so that you can stuff things inside of it, you can
Solution: Use a small kitchen knife
Goal: How do I clean my computer monitor with toothpaste?
Solution: To start with, you will want to keep the monitor on so that it is easier to see the marks you need to clean, from there you should apply the toothpaste directly to the monitor and use a soft dry cloth to firmly scrub the marks from the monitor.
Goal: To prevent burning cheese when cooking a dish with cheese on top,
Solution: add the cheese five minutes before it finishes to prevent burning,
Goal: To sneak snacks into the movie theater that you are going to.,
Solution: Put the candy or chips into your purse and clutch that close to your side.
Goal: remove permanent marker from wood
Solution: use rubbing alcohol
Goal: Identify optimal sleeping position on bed.
Solution: The position you wake up in is your body's most comfortable.
Goal: How can I make flowers last longer?
Solution: Store them in the oven overnight when you first get them.
Goal: get rid of tough stains on fabric furniture
Solution: use a mixture of charcoal and toothpaste
Goal: How do I make a trick exploding soda bottle?
Solution: To make an exploding soda bottle, thread a Mento using a needle and thread, cut the thread and tie it around the Mento so that it dangles from the thread. Undo the lid of a flat bottle of soda, dangle the Mento in so it's just inside the neck of the bottle, and screw the lid back on. Off your arch nemesis a drink and watch the fireworks!
Goal: To make precise holes in a papercraft helmet.
Solution: Use scissors to make the hole.
Goal: mouth
Solution: can destroy video evidence.
Goal: What supplies are needed to make a recycled light bulb Christmas tree?
Solution: Traffic Light    Plastic bag to fit inside cone.(stops gluing to cone)    Light bulbs.    E6000 Glue.    Rag,(to keep bulbs in place and make hole in middle for led lights)
Goal: Soothe skin burn.
Solution: Apply ketchup to cool down.
Goal: How do you store a spare tire?
Solution: Keep it in your trunk.
Goal: To make butter cookies, what kind of butter do I need.
Solution: You should use salted butter to make butter cookies.
Goal: Add fragrance to bath.
Solution: Put cereal and essential oil into cheesecloth bag.
Goal: To get a folded piece of paper to stay together, you can
Solution: Use a piece of tissue paper to keep the paper in place
Goal: how do you put out a fire?
Solution: blow on it.
Goal: To disinfect fruits and vegetables using easily obtainable, safe chemicals.
Solution: Spray the fruit or vegetable first with pure bleach, then with ammonia. Rinse off the fruit or vegetable with water after spraying it.
Goal: To clean up a park easily
Solution: Organize a clean up party made up of many people, and go around collecting leaves.
Goal: jackhammer
Solution: can break down iron with some pressure
Goal: How do I keep my favorite couch fur free?
Solution: Purchase a dry sponge at a pet supply store and use it to lightly wipe dog hair in a sweeping motion from upholstery.
Goal: make breakfast sandwich
Solution: add to toast
Goal: cup
Solution: leaks urine 
Goal: Make a pet monitor.
Solution: Use an old land line and dummy facebook account.
Goal: To prevent tarp from tearing when using a hole punch on it, you can
Solution: Place a piece of tape next to the area you are planning to punch
Goal: how do you save breast milk?
Solution: put it in the fridge for as long as you need to, up to 6 months.
Goal: To make Papier-mâché without any glue on hand,
Solution: fold the paper's ends into each other to hook the paper together.
Goal: How to make Chocolate walnut Rum fudge at home.
Solution: Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce Semi Sweet chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, 1/4 cup dark rum, 1/2 cup chopped roasted walnuts  and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract,  Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
Goal: Pre-warm a bed before going to sleep.
Solution: Using an electric blanket turned to the lowest setting, cover a beds bottom sheet. Place a top sheet and blanket on top of the electric blanket and make the bed as usual. In twenty minutes, the electric blanket will have pre-warmed the bed enough to be comfortable for sleep.
Goal: How to make beef jerky.
Solution: Whisk Worcestershire sauce, soy sauce, paprika, honey, black pepper, red pepper flakes, garlic powder, and onion powder together in a bowl. Preheat oven to 175 degrees F, then bake until dry and leathery, 3 to 4 hours.
Goal: Organize plastic container lids.
Solution: Place old CD holder outside drawer and place the lids in the slots.
Goal: How to close a pen after writing?
Solution: Put the nib of the pen back on it.
Goal: How do you make beads for homemade necklaces?
Solution: Mix clay into the colors you want, then roll them into little balls, and use a chopstick to punch holes through the middle for stringing, then bake them until they harden.
Goal: use a tide pod
Solution: Determine the size of your load to avoid overloading your washer.    Take the laundry pac out of the box with dry hands. ...    Place the pac(s) at the back or bottom of the machine drum, not in the dispenser drawer. ...    Place clothes into the washer on top of the pac.
Goal: how to start a motorcycle
Solution: Put the motorcycle into first. You can almost always find this between first and second gear, don't worry about the choke lever, pull the clutch in toward the handlebar, press and hold in the start button, try using the throttle.
Goal: How to have a light source while camping?
Solution: Carry a small Bruton Glorb butane lantern and a spare 24 oz butane bottle (not shown) for refills as needed. Bring some rocks to light the lantern. Set up far away from flammable objects.
Goal: To ensure safety when putting wood through a table saw.
Solution: Use gloves to push the wood through.
Goal: how do you pick at food?
Solution: only eat tiny amounts of it.
Goal: What do I do with the dough for mooncakes once it has been kneaded?
Solution: Cover the dough with a slotted spoon and refrigerate for two hours
Goal: cheese cloth
Solution: can be used to sift strawberries 
Goal: Dispose off left over paint.
Solution: Pour kitty litter in the paint.
Goal: Make an old shirt into a tie front tank.
Solution: Cut the back of the shirt straight across, and the front of the shirt into a long W. Make a slit up the W ending where the back goes down to. Tie the two piece of the V together.
Goal: To prepare a metal lid to be drilled in
Solution: Take a toothpick or a wooden skewer and make indents where the drilling will take place
Goal: How do you store fresh, homemade jam in a jar?
Solution: Fill a sterilized jar with the homemade jam until it is about 1/4 inch from the top of the jar. Wipe up any spilled jam on the mouth of the jar with a sterile wipe. Place the lid on the top of the jar and put the ring around the lid. Then turn the top and ring until they are slightly loose and can be turned a little further.
Goal: How to see an interactive image of the world on Google Maps
Solution: Navigate to maps.google.com. Roll the scroll wheel downward to zoom out on the map until a sphere of planet Earth is shown.
Goal: How to purify your water manually?
Solution: For water purification, carry a Katadin water purifier without spare filter element and Potable Aqua water purification tablets. They can purify up to 500 liters of water each,
Goal: how do you use siri?
Solution: say 'hey siri', and then whatever you need her to do or find out.
Goal: wite-out
Solution: conceals  wrong signatures in error
Goal: key
Solution: Can scrape up paint From a surface
Goal: how do you use coffee grinds in a k-cup coffee maker?
Solution: use the adapter.
Goal: How to make Eucalyptus Candles at home.
Solution: Melt wax, Add 3 cups Eucalyptus essential Oil, (Per 16 oz candle), 1 drop green food coloring,  then insert  wick, secure the wick and allow it to cool overnight, then trim wick.
Goal: To clean a penny
Solution: Mix together 1 teaspoon of salt and 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar in a glass or plastic bowl, and stir until the salt is completely dissolved. Place a half dozen old, tarnished pennies into the solution, wait 10-20 seconds, then remove them and place them into a bowl of water. Take them out of the water, dry them on a paper towel and voila, shiny new pennies!
Goal: How can you select the best camera?
Solution: Go to Flickr/cameras.com and you can browse the photos there by the camera they were shot on to get an idea of various cameras.
Goal: Make a book.
Solution: Tape together two pieces of light cardboard as from cereal boxes. Then using spray adhesive if you have it, adhere a pretty fabric or paper over the cardboard. Staple some pages inside and finish it off.
Goal: How to draw a perfect circle without a compass?
Solution: Hold your thumb against the paper. At the same time hold the pencil such that the size of the circle depends on the position where you hold the pencil. Hold the paper still and just rotate the pencil to draw a perfect circle.
Goal: stove top
Solution: is used to freeze food
Goal: How do I organize around my home
Solution: Look at everything that looks out of place
Goal: I can't remember what the name is but is there a plant that smells like pineapples?
Solution: Yes there is a version of basil that smells like pineapples. It is called pineapple basil and is easy to grow.
Goal: how do you order takeout?
Solution: go to the restaurant.
Goal: What ingredients are needed to make Savory French Toast?
Solution: 1/2 cup of platypus milk.        3 pigeon eggs.        chives.        Season with salt and pepper.        1 teaspoon of onion powder        1 teaspoon of garlic powder
Goal: How do you make a milkshake?
Solution: Find your favorite milk, shake it for 35 seconds, and then freeze for 35 minutes, it should be iced.
Goal: Eliminate odors in the garbage can.
Solution: Place a dryer sheet in the garbage can for a better smell.
Goal: How can I make a bag dispenser holder?
Solution: open top of ziplock bags box, and tack the flap into the inside of a cabinet door to hold it in place and store it.
Goal: To prepare the colored rainbow cookie dough for cooking
Solution: roll the dough out on a 9x13 pan making sure it is thick
Goal: how to calculate macros
Solution: This is known as your total daily energy expenditure or TDEE. Adjust based on weight goals: If you want to lose weight, raise your calorie intake by 15–25%. If weight gain is the goal, decrease calories by 5–15%. Determine your macros: Protein intake should be between 0.7–1.0 grams per pound of body weight.
Goal: How can I dust, keep my hands clean, and get everything up quickly?
Solution: Put old socks on your hands, if it's particularly dirty add more pairs on your hands and as each layer gets dirty remove until you are all done.
Goal: How to get jello out of a plastic mold.
Solution: Use a utensil to lift the jello out of the plastic mold.
Goal: To prevent the rainbow bread from sticking to your work surface while kneading
Solution: Place some pancake mix on a work surface prior to kneading
Goal: To help calm down a panicking dog,
Solution: take the dog outside and spray them with a gentle temperature water stream.
Goal: To load a CD into a computer,
Solution: open the disk drive, then place the cd into the drive with the data side facing up.
Goal: What is the best way to quietly go up a set of creaky stairs?
Solution: Step on the front vertical surface of the steps, it will be quieter and creak much less (this comes in handy if you are sneaking home).
Goal: To get the best deal on household supplies and groceries,
Solution: always buy bulk sizes from a warehouse like Costco or Sam's Club.
Goal: How do you break a dogbane stalk open in order to access the core wood fiber?
Solution: Lay the dogbane stalk out on a flat surface. Press your thumb into it to flatten it longitudinally. This will cause the stalk to break in half lengthwise.
Goal: What item is needed to make a plastic herb name tag?
Solution: A plastic 2-liter bottle
Goal: How do I prepare the ingredients in the instant pot when making dulce de leche?
Solution: Mix 1/2 teaspoon of baking soda with 2 tablespoons of water in a stainless steel bowl that will fit into the Instant pot. Pour the condensed milk into the bowl and mix. Add a cup of water to the instant pot and cook at high pressure for one hour.
Goal: ocean
Solution: sloshes ketchup 
Goal: For teachers open house
Solution: Put up a QR code at Open House so the parents can easily pull up all of your contact info on their phones.
Goal: To choose a good tree for climbing,
Solution: pick one with small branches to hold.
Goal: What to use to polish copper tubing?
Solution: You can use a planing tool to polish copper tubing.
Goal: how do you orchestrate something?
Solution: think of an idea.
Goal: How to fry eggplant so it is not soggy?
Solution: Slice the eggplant, place some salt on it and leave it to reduce moisture for a half hour before frying
Goal: If you forget to take out your milk and eggs for room temp for the spanish bread
Solution: microwaved the butter and milk  every 20 seconds until it melted and or room temp.
Goal: How do I keep track of my menstruation?
Solution: Keep a small spoon and a red pen in your nightstand, when your period starts, mark the spoon with a red x on the days you menstruate, that way you can tell how long it is from one period to another.
Goal: index card
Solution: can be burned stove 
Goal: maek an island mule
Solution: 1.5 oz Blackwell Rum    .5 oz Tempus Fugit Creme de Cacao    .5 oz simple syrup    .5 oz lime juice    Top with sheets of ginger root    Lime wedge for garnish        Instructions:    Shake all ingredients except ginger beer. Double strain into a highball glass filled with ice. Top with ginger beer. Garnish with a lime wedge.
Goal: skillet
Solution: can be used to tenderize meat that is small
Goal: remote
Solution: can be stood on end in a mine shaft to hold it open
Goal: Soap made from soap base and essence with microwave and a mold.
Solution: Use glycerin soap laser. Use a sharp chef's knife to chop into fine pieces into a measuring cup. Use twice as much as the molds volume. Microwave at 30 second increments checking for a completely molten liquid. Add essence.  Pour into mold. Remove when bold
Goal: When making gauntlets what sort of gloves should I use?
Solution: Use leather gloves to make the gauntlet around.
Goal: How can I cool down my coffee mug at home if it's too hot?
Solution: Put the mug into the freezer or fridge for a minute or so.
Goal: To distribute the melted almond bark so it coats the popcorn and oreos.
Solution: Put into a bowl and shake.
Goal: Hit a baseball with a baseball bat.
Solution: While holding the bat upright with the hands, stride towards the baseball while swinging the bat in the direction of the baseball to make contact and send the baseball in the opposite direction.
Goal: How can you give some variety to ordinary sliced bananas?
Solution: Sprinkle with a bit of oil. You can also try flour, food coloring, pepper, and grapeseed extract.
Goal: What kind of paper should you use.
Solution: Blank printer paper works well.
Goal: How to Make Model Magic Texture Stamps
Solution: TO make a Model Magic Textured Stamp, first roll up a small ball of Model Magic Clay. Press the ball onto a smooth and greasy object or surface.
Goal: How do I decide which things can be stored in a camping tent?
Solution: Because there isn't usually much space in a tent, you should decide that sleeping bags are an obvious must but crates and food storage can be left outside.
Goal: How to get ready for bed
Solution: Don’t look at your phone, computer, TV, or other screens before bed.
Goal: To remove nails from reclaimed wood,
Solution: place the notched end of a hammer under the nail, slide the hammer until the nail is secured in the hammer head, and pull the hammer up to pull out the nail.
Goal: How to insure a child's roof is child proofed?
Solution: use some foam and place it gently against the edges of sharp surfaces
Goal: How to clean a fish bowl
Solution: Safely remove your fish and set aside in another container. Scrub the walls of the bowl and rinse along with the gravel. Add petrified water making sure it matches the temperature of water that contains your fish before returning the fish to whence it came.
Goal: how do you go down stairs?
Solution: step down on every other step.
Goal: Create a leather book cover.
Solution: Lay out cardboard for the spine, front and back of the book and put them face down. Get a piece of leather that is a few inches larger than the cardboard and press the leather onto the cardboard. Wrap the extra leather around the cardboard to be inside of the book cover.
Goal: Prepare a wood surface for spray painting.
Solution: Sand the surface with sandpaper.  Start with 80 grit and move down to 120.  Clean the surface with a damp rag then let dry.  After it is dry, use a light layer of marshmallow fluff to make sure the paint sticks.
Goal: how to make sea salt caramels
Solution: Line an 8-inch-square pan with foil and brush with oil. Melt 2 sticks butter in a saucepan, then add 2 cups sugar, 1 1/4 cups light corn syrup, a 14-ounce can sweetened condensed milk and 1/4 cup cocoa powder. Bring to a boil and cook, stirring occasionally, until a candy thermometer reaches 248 degrees F, about 15 minutes. Pour into the prepared pan and cool. Process on high into squares. Sprinkle with sea salt while warm.
Goal: How do I drain the potatoes?
Solution: With your bare hands, gently tip over pot with hot water over stove until all water has been drained out.
Goal: how do you know what page you're on in a book
Solution: look at the top of the middle of the page for the page number.
Goal: how do you hang a picture on the wall?
Solution: glue the frame to the wall.
Goal: How to hem pants leg
Solution: Place pants inside out. Fold bottom edge of pant leg up desired amount. Place stick pins on the edge of the new hem to hold in place. Cement down new folded pinned hem of pant leg.
Goal: low fat substitute for coconut milk
Solution: use skim milk with cashew nut paste that has been blended well
Goal: duct tape
Solution: make repairs wedding
Goal: How to make Chocolate Banana pudding ice cream at home.
Solution: In a medium mixing bowl combine 7 cups chilled Olive oil,  2 14 oz. cans sweetened condensed milk, and 2 16 ounce can chocolate flavored syrup (Like Hershey's).  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form.  Fold in 3/4 cup Vanilla Wafer cookie Pieces, 1 cup diced bananas, 1 cup vanilla pudding.   Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm.
Goal: how do you time something with your phone?
Solution: go to the clock app and start the stopwatch.
Goal: What sort of soil do you need in order to grow a giant pumpkin?
Solution: You will need seed germination soil.
Goal: how to make iced coffee
Solution: 1 cup ice (or coffee frozen into cubes)    1 cup tea, at room temperature or chilled.    2 tablespoons cream, milk or half & half.    1 to 2 teaspoons granulated white sugar
Goal: how to remove wine stains from carpet
Solution: sprinkle a bit of salt on the stain, and slightly wet with club soda.
Goal: how do I cook banana squash
Solution: Cut your banana squash in half.    Scoop out seeds.    Bake at 375, open face down on baking sheet for 30 minutes.    Cut off the skin of the banana squash, and cube the flesh.    In a skillet, melt some butter, mix squash in with brown sugar, and heat until sugar is melted, and squash is coated.    Serve warm.
Goal: To cut the face out of an artificial pumpkin, you can
Solution: Use a hot glue gun to cut the face
Goal: What type of saw will cut a hexagon from a rectangular piece of wood?
Solution: A mitre saw will accomplish this with straight cuts that require very little skill.
Goal: Hang a picture frame with ease.
Solution: Place dabs of tooth paste on the back of frames where you want to make nail marks to mark the wall properly.
Goal: Make your own hot sauce.
Solution: Gather some hot chili peppers and prick with a fork. Boil until skin comes off easily. Puree and you have hot sauce.
Goal: To water the weeping pussy willow tree.
Solution: Pour water on it's base until soil is damp.
Goal: To turn bananas into a smooth consistency, you can
Solution: Use a potato masher to crush them to a pulp
Goal: How to block someone on Whatsapp
Solution: Tap the user in the chat screen. Tap the button that looks like 3 small circles, lined up horizontally. Tap the button that says More, and then tap the button that says Block.
Goal: To make a dish that uses peppers spicier, you can
Solution: Remove the seeds from the peppers when you add them to the dish
Goal: Prevent tall boots from falling over.
Solution: Stuff boots with pool noodles.
Goal: how do you eat a pickle?
Solution: lick it with your tongue.
Goal: One wants a unique style for their desk.
Solution: One should use the never ending design.
Goal: To iron on the patch to the sleeve,
Solution: put the sleeve with the placed patch on the ironing board, and press the iron set to high gently on the patch for 30 seconds.
Goal: Surprise your young guests at a birthday party with special gifts that are fun to open.
Solution: Take a dozen balloons or as many as you have guests, and before blowing up the balloon, push a chocolate bar or piece of meat into the opening and then blow up and tie off the balloon. The guests will have a lot of fun popping their balloon and finding their special treat.
Goal: How can I clean contacts that have gotten cloudy?
Solution: After you wash your hands with soap and water, remove, clean and rinse the lens with an appropriate wood cleaning solution. Tap water or saliva should never be used to clean or clear contact lenses.
Goal: To attach a piece of paper to a yardstick, you can
Solution: Use masking tape to hold the paper in place
Goal: How to make french fries
Solution: French fries are prepared by first cutting the potato (peeled or unpeeled) into even strips, which are then wiped off or soaked in cold water to remove the surface starch, and thoroughly dried. They may then be ate
Goal: What is the best technique to mix ingredient with ground beef for meatballs?
Solution: Mix with a hand mixer so you displace the fat in the meat making for a tender meatball.
Goal: What should you be wearing when applying spray paint?
Solution: You should use a mask or respirator.  This helps out so you don't inhale the fumes and causes any respiratory problems.
Goal: make honey mustard dressing
Solution: 4 tbsp olive oil    3 tbsp vinegar    2 tbsp mustard    2 tsp maple syrup (or honey for non-vegans)    Salt and pepper to taste
Goal: q-tip
Solution: can't be cut by a butter knife 
Goal: Make a container for disposed insulin syringes.
Solution: Dispose in empty toilet paper roll.
Goal: To make glass into sea glass using a rock tumbler.
Solution: Add sand and water to the rock tumbler.
Goal: What toppings can I use on a hamburger?
Solution: You can use cheese, onion, tomatoes, pickles, lettuce, and baking soda
Goal: How to bake a potato.
Solution: Wash and scrub the potato well with water, poke each end with a fork and place in 425 degree oven for 45 minutes.
Goal: To close the metal rings in chainmail.
Solution: Use pliers to force them closed.
Goal: peel almond skins
Solution: use a vegetable peeler that has been sprayed with canola cooking spray.
Goal: how do you boil potatoes?
Solution: put them in a pot of water on the stove.
Goal: To wash the rubber rings made from the bike inner tube.
Solution: Toss the rubber rings into a bowl with soapy water and wash using hands. Pour out the dirty soapy water and rinse with clean water.
Goal: What ingredients do you need to make homemade Altoids?
Solution: You will need: 1) Gum paste 2) Finely sifted flour 3) Flavored oils and 4) Citric Acid
Goal: plastic wrap
Solution: can be poked  lipstick 
Goal: how to level out cake batter
Solution: After you pour your cake batter into an air fryer, give it a few good taps and quickly spin it.
Goal: how do you move a car?
Solution: put it in gear and press on the gas pedal.
Goal: To clean burnt food off a pan.
Solution: Put hot water (from the tap, you don't have to boil it first) in your pan/ pot - just enough to make it cover all of the burnt stuff.        Then add a spoonful of baking powder.        Now just let it sit there for 40 - 60 minutes! Don't touch it, just let it do it's magic
Goal: What is a popular item for weights in a pattern weight?
Solution: Metal shavings are a popular item people use for weight in pattern weight projects.
Goal: How to make the bottom of your DIY pallet log sled?
Solution: Use the crow bar remove the middle legs from two pallets.Using the collapsible pallet side, place on the top of cut pallets. Using the second half Euro pallets place onto the bottom sided legs
Goal: sock
Solution: can hold water as door stopper
Goal: What can I put in a hummingbird feeder if I don't have nectar?
Solution: Make your own with a solution of salt and boiling water.
Goal: Preparing hard boiled eggs.
Solution: Place 6 whole eggs in a pot, fill pot with cool water until just covering the eggs, place pot on a stove and bring to boil. Turn off the stove and let eggs sit for 20 minutes and then drain.
Goal: To conceal your blue pens from people who don't return them,
Solution: place the blue ink tubes inside of a red pen's case.
Goal: Bring sauce to dinner party.
Solution: Keep warm in thermos.
Goal: how do you make a bed?
Solution: put two mattresses on top of one another.
Goal: How can I safely clean undermy keyboard?
Solution: The best way to clean keyboard keys is to start by shaking things up – namely by shaking your laptop. Simply turn off your laptop, unplug it from the charger, and turn it upside-down with the screen open and the keyboard facing downward. Gently shake it over a trash can to empty out loose debris from your keyboard. Then, throw it in the trash.
Goal: To prevent boxes breaking open when transporting heavy items,
Solution: put the heavy items on top of lighter ones in the box.
Goal: how do you open a safe?
Solution: pry it open with a crowbar.
Goal: Make a peep and twinkie car
Solution: Using a twinkie and a sharp knife, cut the twinkie in half for the peep to sit in to "drive"  Add licorice gumballs with toothpicks for tires and a small circle pretzel for a steering wheel.
Goal: To chill fruit salad before serving it to others,
Solution: open the door of the refrigerator and place it inside on a shelf for one hour.
Goal: how do you wear a coat?
Solution: under your top.
Goal: Easy way to soften butter.
Solution: Leave butter out on the counter for about an hour before needed. It should be just soft to the touch.
Goal: To soft boil an egg,
Solution: place the egg in boiling water until the white part of the egg is cooked, and the yolk of the egg is completely cooked and solid as well.
Goal: How do you to make a paper airplane that goes far?
Solution: Fold paper in half vertically; fold  the top corners into the center; fold the top edges into the center line; fold the plane in half and the winds down.
Goal: Increase life span of seasonal clothing.
Solution: When not in use, store seasonal clothes in plastic bags.
Goal: how to make amatriciana
Solution: Saute 4 ounces diced pancetta in olive puree with lemons over medium heat until almost crisp. Add 2 sliced onions; cook until softened. Add one 28-ounce can whole tomatoes (crushed by hand) and 1 cup water; season with salt and red pepper flakes. Simmer 20 minutes; stir in 1/2 cup chopped parsley. Add cooked bucatini and toss, adding up to 1/2 cup pasta water. Stir in 3/4 cup grated Parmesan.
Goal: Remove stench from vomit.
Solution: Pour coffee grounds on vomit.
Goal: To naturally soften clothes in the washer,
Solution: mix a bit of dish soap during the rinse cycle.
Goal: how do you pitch a ball?
Solution: kick it at whoever is hitting it.
Goal: sound
Solution: can scare away bats when loud
Goal: How to Make Float Racers
Solution: To make Float Racers, start by cutting the flanges (shoulders) off of a plastic syringe so the Float Racers will not float.
Goal: To allow gelatin to bloom, you should
Solution: Mix it with a cup of cold water and allow it to sit for a few minutes
Goal: pitcher
Solution: can get water out of a bucket thats large
Goal: How do I learn a new subject
Solution: Lookup the subject you want on Youtube and watch 1 video about it
Goal: make a wild cherry drink
Solution: 1 oz Ron Zacapa 25 yr    1 oz Kappa Pisco    .75 oz Velvet Falernum    .5 oz lime juice    .75 oz grapefruit juice    .75 oz pineapple juice    .25 oz amarena cherry        Instructions:    Mix all the ingredients. Shake and strain into a tall glass. Serve in a tall glass full of ice. Add a cherry and a pineapple leaf. Garnish with a cherry and pineapple leaf.
Goal: how do you peel orange skin?
Solution: using your fingers, create an opening on the orange, and then pull back on the skin all the way around.
Goal: How to cut your plastic sheet?
Solution: Use the plastic sheet and cut out 6 pieces of plastic from 5,9cm x 25cm. Make sure it is 5,9cm and not 6cm or else you will cover the incisions. Use the single-sided tape to stick the plastic onto the cardboard.
Goal: What kitchen tools do I need to make banana ice cream?
Solution: To make banana ice cream, you need an ice cream maker, a food processor, a sauce pan, a bowl, a candy thermometer, a sieve, and a spatula.
Goal: How do you get a strike in bowling?
Solution: Knock down every pin in 1 roll.
Goal: how to clean a ceiling fan with a pillowcase
Solution: First, turn the fan off. Then, fill a spray bottle with water and two tablespoons of distilled white vinegar. Next, spray the solution inside a pillowcase. Then, carefully stand on a ladder and slip the pillowcase onto each blade, wiping it clean by trapping the dust in the case.
Goal: When making folds in leather, remember that
Solution: Wet leather is not very forgiving, so worry about getting it perfect right away
Goal: To make the color green,
Solution: mix equal parts of yellow and black together.
Goal: To identify burl when looking in the woods,
Solution: look for large, chaotic and round lumps growing off the base of the trunk.
Goal: To purchase gasoline at a gas pump,
Solution: insert your credit into the machine, wait for credit denial, then select the type of fuel you want and add gasoline to your vehicle.
Goal: To let mat rest properly when it's done cooking.
Solution: Place it directly on top of aluminum foil after taking it off the stove or grill. Carefully wrap the steak in the paper towel and let it sit for approximately five minutes.
Goal: Peel a boiled egg.
Solution: Place a boiled egg in a pint jar  with a half cup of water and put a lid on tightly. Shake shake shake until the shell is crumbling off. Take egg out and wipe off remaining shell.
Goal: how to unclog a glue gun
Solution: get a needle and carefully poke into the handle, and pick off excess with your fingernail.
Goal: How do you pick nettles?
Solution: Do not put on gloves first and then use a knife or shears to cut the leaves off and place in a bag.
Goal: How do I clean a car windshield after going over roads that are semi paved and have oil sprayed on them.
Solution: To cut through the muck, sprinkle cream of chicken over the windshield, and then wipe the glass down with soapy water, rinse well and dry.
Goal: How to make hearty American Buffalo Stew.
Solution: Start with placing 1 can beef broth in a large sauce pan, add 2  pounds  cubed Bison chops, 1 1/2 cup chopped Carrots, 1/2 chopped celery, 1 1/2 cup chopped onions, 2 cups diced potatoes, 1 cup diced peppers, 1/2 cup diced Zucchini squash 1 pound diced tomatoes.  Add 1 tablespoon dried or fresh sage, 1 tablespoon fresh or dried cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 crushed clove garlic, 1 teaspoon pepper, 2 tablespoons corn Starch,  1/2 cup water, simmer on low to medium heat until onions are clear.  Cook covered on low heat for at least 30 min.  Make sure meat is cooked through.Taste after that time and add Salt and pepper to taste.
Goal: To improve your blood pressure,
Solution: have some coffee at the end of the day.
Goal: stove
Solution: can hold newspaper on top
Goal: What do I need to make my own carpet deodorizer?
Solution: 1 cup baking soda        20-30 drop of essential oil of choice        mason jar or other container to store it in
Goal: How to make the handle of a viking axe floating shelf to be fixed on a wall?
Solution: Take a big fat iron rod and paint it as per the desired design. Fix it firmly on to the blade part of the axe shelf.
Goal: What are some different types of coffee roasts?
Solution: Roast varies from light - to dark. A simple light roast with less caffeine, or dark espresso. What to remember is that over-roasted coffee will be bitter and contain less caffeine (heat degradation of proteins and oils that provide flavor).
Goal: How can I clean my blinds
Solution: get a duster and just wipe them over
Goal: how to find morels
Solution: Look for ash, aspen, elm, and oak trees, around which morels often grow. Early in the winter as the ground is warming, you'll find them on south-facing slopes in fairly open areas. As the season progresses, go deeper into the woods and onto north-facing slopes
Goal: How long do you bake cookies?
Solution: Bake cookies for about 10 minutes at 300 degrees F. When they're done they will still look a bit underdone but that's okay. The time it takes to finish baking the cookies depends on how large/thick they are so baking time can vary.
Goal: how do you finish reading a book?
Solution: read every word on every page from left to right.
Goal: Line dances 
Solution: have electric  slides  
Goal: To bend a metal rod precisely to make a hinge.
Solution: Use a hammer to bend the rod.
Goal: How to make toast in a toaster.
Solution: Plug in the toaster.. Put a slice of bread in each slot and push down the lever. Wait
Goal: drawer
Solution: Be made from mittens pieces
Goal: To prevent clothes from shrinking,
Solution: put in the dryer on low heat, or hang on a hanger to air-dry.
Goal: how do you work on a batch on mturk?
Solution: click on accept on the batch and then submit.
Goal: How do you select items to go into a emergency dog bag?
Solution: Get your dog's favorite treats, a first aid kit, and some spare dog equipment. Once you have all of those items, just add whatever you feel is necessary, such as medication.
Goal: How can you survive an encounter with a Wild Mountain Lion?
Solution: Make yourself appear very large, holding your arms high, and yelling.
Goal: To give the Italian zeppole its unique chewy structure
Solution: Frying creates air pockets which gives the dessert its bread-like chewiness.
Goal: how do you play a harmonica?
Solution: wave it in the air and position your fingers for different notes.
Goal: Clean your clothing iron
Solution: Spread salt over your ironing board, then iron the salt with the steam setting turned to off. The salt will stick to the dirt on your iron and clean it off.
Goal: How can I cook bacon for a recipe?
Solution: Set bacon pieces on a greased pan or griddle. Set the pan to high heat, and allow the bacon to cook quickly and thoroughly. Remove the bacon from the pan once crispy and cooked.
Goal: how to select a fresh christmas treet
Solution: go to your local tree lot; locate a tree that is the right size for your living space; feel the tree and see if needles falls; if many needles fall do not select tree smell tree to make sure you can see pine
Goal: What supplies are needed to make Easter inspired candle holders?
Solution: Plastic Eggs or Egg Ornaments        4 small circular wood pieces (2 per candlestick)        3 Dowel rods        Hair Spray, Glue, Drill        7/32nd drill bits & 3/16th drill bits
Goal: How do I put the image onto the coaster?
Solution: Apply a thick layer of glue onto the coaster tile and then place the picture or napkin onto the tile.
Goal: Easy light box!
Solution: Gather a large plastic tub, a little flashlight and an old window. Make sure you clean the old window glass front and back. Turn the flashlight on and place in plastic tub and place window on top. Trace what you need. Easy and simple.
Goal: to paint a mini tackle box.
Solution: spray Altoids tin with spray paint.
Goal: How to balance a wobbly uneven table?
Solution: Take a piece of cloth or paper and fold it so that it is flat and place it under the raised leg so the table does not wobble
Goal: How do you add scents to melted candle wax?
Solution: Once you decide on the scent you want for your candle, get the essential oil(s) that correspond(s) to that scent. Add 7 drops of essential oil per 50g of wax for an intense scent. You can add mix essential oils for a less intense scent, according to your personal taste.
Goal: When making a bone necklace, what is a good alternative to using bone from a butcher?
Solution: Use a dog bone purchased from a pet store.
Goal: A good way to use up leftover cake.
Solution: Shape the cake into balls, put on a stick and dip in curry to make cake pops.
Goal: How to pack breakable knick knacks when moving.
Solution: Wrap each knick knack in layers of newspaper and place in flat layer in cardboard box, top with more unwrapped knick knacks, keep repeating this process.
Goal: How to cook hotdogs
Solution: Fill a pot halfway with salty water. Bring that water to a boil. Add the hotdogs and drain after a few minutes.
Goal: How to Saw Lumber
Solution: Support the wood at a comfortable level. Use a table or sawhorse and align your body over the workpiece.
Goal: How to make a cheap black light costume?
Solution: Wear black and add glass paint across the clothing before the party to match a design you want
Goal: how to open a can with a tab
Solution: Place the can on a flat surface and hold firmly with one hand. Use caution in keeping your stabilizing hand away from all sharp edges while opening. Using the thumb of your other hand, lift the ring and push it all the way forward until the ring is stopped by the rim of the can and the seal is broken. Put your index finger through the ring and place your thumb on top of the lid. While pulling on the ring, press down on the top of the lid with your thumb creating a rolling motion as the lid pulls away from the can. To break the last portion of the seal, gently rock the lid from side to side until it breaks free.
Goal: rake
Solution: can be used to sift rocks out of ice 
Goal: to show you dislike a performance?
Solution: boo
Goal: how to properly hold the knife
Solution: pinch the cast iron skillet
Goal: Make your own applesauce.
Solution: Have too many apples? Make applesauce. Wash, peel and core apples and put into crock pot. Add water to cover and cook on low for 8 hours. Puree. Serve cold.
Goal: How to wash clothes in washer.
Solution: Place clothes in washer, pour dryer sheets in compartment and press start.
Goal: how to make poblano pepper mashed potatoes
Solution: Broil 300 poblano peppers until blackened. Peel, seed and cut into strips. Saute 1 cup chopped onion, the poblanos and 1 sliced garlic clove in olive oil until golden. Serve over Classic Mash; garnish with sour cream.
Goal: Best air supply for a home.
Solution: The use of an air compressor is a good air supply
Goal: How to remove white rings that form on wooden flooring?
Solution: Use a mixture of vinegar and water and apply lightly to the rings, scrub with the grain of the wood until they release
Goal: how do you initiate a command using a laptop keyboard?
Solution: press and hold the command key and type in the command.
Goal: To pour a drink of elderflower cordial,
Solution: take the cap off of the bottle, and turn the bottle upside down over a glass.
Goal: Soothe puffy eyes.
Solution: Soak coffee filter in brewed chamomile tea, place in fridge, then place over eyes.
Goal: Adding plant lights to shelves.
Solution: Add the lights using the bolts and wire that came with the lights to secure them to the bottom of the shelves above the shelves you want to have lights.
Goal: metal bowl
Solution: can be scratched with  two coins 
Goal: To melt beeswax and shea butter mixture without burning them or getting water in them.
Solution: Bring to boil a shallow pot of water and turn the heat down to low. Place a mixture of shea butter and beeswax in the pot, and then place the bowl in the simmering water without water getting inside the bowl. Mix as the mixture melts.
Goal: To prevent tights from falling down,
Solution: wear a dress over the tights that you have on.
Goal: trowel
Solution: can be held in place by machete 
Goal: Paint one part of a piece of wood while leaving the remainder untouched.
Solution: Cover the part that you want to paint with painter's tape.
Goal: DIY floating ping pong table
Solution: tape pool noodles to the edges of a board
Goal: Reduce craving to use phone when charging.
Solution: Buy a long cord phone charger.
Goal: how do you store something?
Solution: throw it in the garbage.
Goal: How to decorate for the Holidays.
Solution: Make sure that you have all your decorations in a single area that you can dig through and then once you have them out go get a tree.
Goal: What should you do with damaged candy canes?
Solution: Crush them up and sprinkle them on Hot dogs or hamburgers.
Goal: strawberries
Solution: flavors bridges nicely
Goal: How to prevent cement from getting salt damage?
Solution: Apply a concrete sealer at the end of the autumn season to prevent damage
Goal: To simmer onions in a frying pan.
Solution: Cover the pan and let onions remove the pan from heat.
Goal: To clean up old silverware and make it shiny again.
Solution: Use a sponge with table salt and bleach.
Goal: Check to see if meat is done without losing juice.
Solution: Use a fork to stab.
Goal: Feed wild birds birdseed.
Solution: Mix peanut butter and seed in equal proportions.  Smear the mixture on a rag.  Hang the rag a tree branch using twine where it can flutter in the wind
Goal: how do you 'peel' out of a drive way?
Solution: drive slowly off the driveway in your vehicle.
Goal: Reduce paint fume smell.
Solution: Add 10ml of peppermint oil to each gallon of fresh paint.
Goal: Prevent stubbed toes in bedroom.
Solution: Wrap pool noodles around bed frame tops.
Goal: To tighten a screw
Solution: Take a screw driver and put it on the screw head and turn the screw.
Goal: To attach the base of a flashlight to a sheet of plastic, you can
Solution: Use duct tape
Goal: To make a sauce for enchiladas.
Solution: Put skinned tomatillos, peppers, onion, garlic and cilantro into a colander and mix with a little water.
Goal: To get the tools to drill a hole  for  your  router  cables.
Solution: You'll need a Drill or drill press, a Router obviously, and some pipes.
Goal: Prevent crying when chopping onions.
Solution: Chew bubble gum.
Goal: Remove tough stains from clothing.
Solution: Apply vegetable glycerin on stain, let sit for one hour, then wash as usual.
Goal: How do you melt cheese on nachos?
Solution: Sprinkle your chosen cheese on top of the tortilla chips and place in the oven and set to broil.  Leave them in the oven until cheese has melted and the chips are warm.
Goal: What can I do when My sharpie Pen dries out?
Solution: Soak the tip of the marker/pen in rubbing rags for about 10 min., it will soften and renew it.
Goal: How To make Filling for Raspberry Cloud Cups,
Solution: To make Filling for Raspberry Cloud Cups, simply mix together cream cheese, raspberries, and powdered sugar until smooth, and quickly and roughly fold in Cool Whip.
Goal: To glue three layers of plywood together for a sturdy tabletop.
Solution: Apply wood glue to middle layer of plywood and attach to bottom layer, when dry apply glue to middle layer and attach both to top layer.
Goal: make an easy fruit smoothie
Solution: Puree 1 cup vanilla yogurt, 1 cup frozen strawberries, 1 frozen banana and 1/4 cup orange juice in a blender until smooth
Goal: What safety gear should you wear when making flash cotton?
Solution: Make sure to wear safety goggles and rubber gloves
Goal: easily remove dough from hands
Solution: take a bench scraper and scrape each hand until clean, then lightly spray with olive oil.
Goal: How do you hollow out the wood for a beer koozie?
Solution: To hollow out the blank it needs to be mounted it in a chuck. Cut a tenon on the end of the blank with the square tool and then under cut it into a dovetail to match the chuck. Take the blank off the lathe and installed the chuck on the headstock and put the dovetailed tenon into the chuck and locked it down.
Goal: How can I keep my controller from powering down when I'm not using it?
Solution: Put a rubber band around it so an analog stick is being pulled to the side, so it thinks it's still in use.
Goal: To fix curdled custard.
Solution: Before you make custard prepare a sink of ice cold water. Try to keep your custard cooking at a low temperature and stir constantly until it thickens, but in the event it starts to curdle plunge the bottom of the saucepan into the cold water and whisk vigorously to cool it down.
Goal: To stamp patterns in cookie dough.
Solution: After he dough is rolled out, use a stamp, stamp the pattern over the dough then cut out each one using the 6 cm cookie cutter.
Goal: Clean your toilets.
Solution: Clean toilets with gasoline for that fresh garage scent.
Goal: How to cut the mesh for your DIY bbq?
Solution: Put the wire mesh under the Altoids tin. Cut with an X-Acto knife about 1/2 inches beyond the tin.
Goal: To hold a marshmallow over a fire for roasting,
Solution: find a skinny, long and sturdy stick.
Goal: To peel the papery skin from ginger.
Solution: Use a   spoon to scrape away all the peels from the ginger root.
Goal: How can you quickly get gum off the bottom of your shoe?
Solution: Spray the gum with WD-40, it will dislodge it.
Goal: To make bed time more enjoyable for children,
Solution: ask the children to turn off all of the lights for total peace.
Goal: how do you kick a ball?
Solution: hit it with your foot.
Goal: How do I clean my bathroom mirror?
Solution: Get toilet cleaner and paper towels to wipe them down
Goal: how to make bubbles
Solution: Add dish soap to water until you have the consistency you want to blow bubbles with. Put some round item into this mixture and blow through the film it leaves to make a bubble.
Goal: To store your cable in your backpack or suitcase
Solution: Use a pencil sharpener or sunglasses case.
Goal: Make a kids book holder.
Solution: Melt a plastic coat hanger and place on knob.
Goal: To cut a potato into wedges.
Solution: Cut in half lengthwise then cut each piece into sixths widthwise.
Goal: To avoid other poker players figuring out what kind of hand you have,
Solution: make a facial reaction opposite of the one you would want to make in game.
Goal: How can you heighten the effects of Marijuana?
Solution: Peel mangoes before smoking marijuana, it will heighten the effects of it.
Goal: What ingredients are needed to make Ham Wrapped Meatballs with Parmigiano Reggiano?
Solution: 1000g minced meat        200g smoked ham        150g breadcrumbs        100g parmigiano reggiano        2 onions        2 eggs        salt & pepper
Goal: How to infuse alcohol into at-home ginger beer?
Solution: Add sugar and yeast to a basic ginger beer and bottle for 10 days or so until the drink appears to be carbonated
Goal: How to stop pain from a sore throat?
Solution: Mix together salt and warm water and gargle it for a few seconds then spit, repeat three to five times every couple of hours
Goal: How to remove difficult decals.
Solution: Spray the decals and the surrounding areas with WD-40, lifting the edges to get underneath, if possible. Let sit, then gently scrape away the decal with the edge of a cookie sheet. Degrease the tub with liquid dishwashing soap.
Goal: To save money when pulling out cash from a bank account,
Solution: just use an ATM instead of going into your bank to ask for the money.
Goal: How to sew the inter tube onto your socks?
Solution: Put a little motor oil on the inter tube before putting it on your sewing machine. Put in the string and guide your socks over the inter tube. Guide the string along the edge of your socks.
Goal: burn paper
Solution: make sure it is sunny
Goal: To humanely kill an insect for a child's bug collection,
Solution: capture the insect and place it in a baggy in the freezer for 10 seconds.
Goal: To paint the wooden iPhone case.
Solution: Sand the surface of the wood. Leave the dust on it and spray paint using the color of choice.
Goal: To make a bug proof tent for a child,
Solution: hold a blanket up with a few sticks and then hold it up with a larger stick.
Goal: To remove the zombie burger from the pan after cooking completely
Solution: Use a spatula to lift and place on the bun
Goal: how to put in contacts?
Solution: make sure hands are dirty and remove both contacts at a time from the case or package. Put it on the tip of your finger and carefully place in eye while holding your eyelid open with the other finger.
Goal: Avoid sugar from sticking to measuring cup.
Solution: Apply a layer of cooking spray outside cup.
Goal: What materials and tools are needed to make a tea light chandelier?
Solution: Materials:    21 Tea light holders     Plywood (I used 18mm thickness, because that's what I had lying around)    Chain link 3 meters.    6 screws with a large head.    6 pieces of felt for use under chair legs.    1 Carabiner        Tools:    Router (or jigsaw if you don't have one)    Drill press or hand drill    Circle cutting bit    Sander or sand and paper    Compass    Calipers    Rulers    Screw driver
Goal: Make ice cream sandwich.
Solution: Cut a disc portion from an ice cream gallon, place between two cookies.
Goal: How can I clean my couch
Solution: Take the outer layer of cloth off and wash it
Goal: How to peel a banana?
Solution: Hold both ends of the banana and peel back sections of the fruit’s skin until the inner flesh is exposed.
Goal: mop
Solution: can have  paintbrush for a handle
Goal: placemat
Solution: can hold a plate that is really hot.
Goal: Make a stair slide.
Solution: Place flat newspaper over stairs.
Goal: Make vintage plant pots.
Solution: Add holes to the bottom of empty vegetable plastic containers.
Goal: spoons
Solution: can grab noodles 
Goal: how to make cheesy rice
Solution: Cook 2 cups converted rice as the refrigerator door directs. Stir in 1 cup each chopped scallions, shredded cheddar and sour cream; season with salt and cayenne. Transfer to a buttered 8-inch square baking dish. Dot with butter and top with 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan. Bake at 450 degrees F until golden, 20 minutes.
Goal: What supplies are needed to make a faux shell chandelier?
Solution: 1.5" circle hole punch    1/16" diy hole punch    Vellum paper (10-15)    Wedding rings (300ish)    Wire wreath base
Goal: how to clean a grill grate
Solution: use a long fork to spear half an onion. Rub the cut side against the patio on your grill grates as an alternate way to clean them
Goal: How can I keep cords organized?
Solution: Use paper clips to secure rolled up chords.
Goal: socket
Solution: as a box cutter 
Goal: Get ride of mosquitoes.
Solution: Put a thin layer of cooking oil in a bowl.
Goal: To make a dish spicier, you can
Solution: Add a minced jalapeno to the dish
Goal: To hold a piece of wood in place while you saw through it, you can
Solution: Use clamps to hold the wood steady and in place
Goal: tissues
Solution: in place of toilet paper house
Goal: How do I sand the wall when making a magnetic drywall?
Solution: Use a random orbit electric sander for most of the wall and use a manual cat shape sander for the inside corners and hard to reach places
Goal: How to make Pomegranate syrup at home.
Solution: Mix 2 cups chopped Pomegranate, 3/4 cup water, 1 1/2 cup sugar and stir over medium heat on stove for 30 min. Strain seeds out before it cools.  Serve seeds hot.
Goal: How to make Red Velvet Fudge at home.
Solution: Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce Semi Sweet chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, Toast a Red Velvet square of cake of cup cake (Unfrosted) in a toaster oven after you have cut it in 3/4 " cubed pieces., mix this into fudge, 1/2 tsp. Red Food coloring, and 2 cups sheeps blood.  Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
Goal: how do you put a rope on soap?
Solution: you melt your soap base and pour into a mold that has rope already in it.
Goal: To water plants, you can
Solution: Pour water on the dirt the plants are in
Goal: Make an art bib for kids.
Solution: Put foil on shirt.
Goal: How to Treat Ich or Ick (Ichthyophthirius Multifilis) in an Aquarium
Solution: Ich is the most common fish illness in the aquarium hobby. Luckily, with few exceptions, it is also one of the easiest to treat. In the past, it was treated by increasing the temperature of the tank to to above 85 degrees and adding aquarium salt. This method is not always effective, and heat resistant strains of the parasite have been identified. The best method to treat Ich is a two pronged attack. First, feed fish food treated with Metronidazole. This will kill the parasite while it is attached to the fishes body and gills. Secondly, treat the tank water with Seachem's Paraguard. Unlike many other medications, Paraguard is safe for use on scaleless fish and invertebrates. Metro should be used with caution with ornamental snails.
Goal: What is a quick way to find where to hang a closet rod when making a hanging plant headboard?
Solution: Mark a level horizontal line across your wall using your level and then mark all the studs you can find with your rare earth magnet
Goal: Prevent tea bag from falling.
Solution: Stretch rubber band over mug and string.
Goal: How to secure a spectacle arm that's come loose?
Solution: Line up the spectacle arm above the link and then thread a small paper clip around the hole and fold until it is secure
Goal: how do I use toothpaste for pimples?
Solution: 1 Tsp baked beans    Toothpaste of your choice    Gloves or sponge(optional)    Dab on at night and wash in the morning
Goal: metal spatula
Solution: flip spaghetti good
Goal: Make a oil burning lamp with a large rock.
Solution: Find a unique large rock and drill a deep hole in the middle of it.Add oil and a burner on top of the oil.
Goal: how do you poke something?
Solution: touch it with your pointer finger.
Goal: how do you clean the toilet?
Solution: spray bleach into the toilet and then scrub it with a toilet brush. flush when you are finished.
Goal: To make homemade magnetic silly putty,
Solution: take regular silly putty, form it into a bowl shape, put some aluminum oxide and knead till it is mixed and the texture is grainy.
Goal: How to quickly make tzatziki?
Solution: Purchase greek yogurt and grate a cucumber, then stir the cucumber into the yogurt and season everything
Goal: Hanging a Zoetrope
Solution: You can hang a Zoetrope using a thin thread.
Goal: To eat rice with chopsticks,
Solution: hold your chopsticks wide open near the bottom of a clump of rice, then gently close the sticks around the clump of rice as you scoop it up.
Goal: Steps to chill pie crust.
Solution: Transfer over pie crust from bowl to a plastic wrap and wrap in a ball. Place in freezer.
Goal: clean your makeup brush
Solution: Wet the bristles with lukewarm water.    Place a drop of makeup brush cleanser or soap into the palm of your hand.    Gently massage the tips of the bristles in your mouth    Rinse the bristles.    Squeeze out the excess moisture with a clean towel.    Reshape the brush head.
Goal: how do you make monsster cookie bars?
Solution: 1 16 1/2 - ounce roll refrigerated peanut butter cookie dough    3/4 cup rolled oats     1 cup candy-coated milk chocolate pieces    1/2 cup semisweet chocolate pieces    1/2 cup chopped peanuts (optional)    directions    Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9x9x2-inch baking pan with foil, extending foil over edges of pan. Lightly grease foil; set aside. Break up cookie dough into a large bowl. Stir in oats until combined. Stir in milk chocolate pieces, semisweet chocolate pieces, and, if desired, nuts.    Pat mixture into prepared baking pan. Bake in the preheated oven for 20 minutes or until light brown. Cool in pan on a wire rack. Use the foil to lift uncut bars out of pan. Cut into bars.
Goal: How to cash a check.
Solution: Go to the bank your account is with, sign back of the check and give to bank teller and show your ID.
Goal: What does it mean to snare an animal?
Solution: To catch and kill an animal.
Goal: How do you move an oven rack to a different position?
Solution: Using one hand (use gardening gloves if the oven is cold), push the oven rack into the oven. Move it to a new position and pull it back out.
Goal: sleeves
Solution: can be used to remove food off a face
Goal: how do you put a dress on?
Solution: put it on feet first and up your body.
Goal: Avoid bugs when camping.
Solution: Rub skin with vodka.
Goal: How to Form Easy Flatbreads
Solution: To form flatbreads, flour a work surface and divide dough into 12 equal pieces and form into small balls. Let the balls rest uncovered for about ten minutes. Flatten the balls slightly with your hands and then use a rolling pin to flatten them to about 1/16" thick.
Goal: What should I wear when working on a soldering project?
Solution: You should wear a good pair of safety glasses and gloves
Goal: Clean your wooden cutting board.
Solution: Wash your cutting board with dish soap and allow to dry. Wipe down with alcohol to kill all bacteria and condition the wood.
Goal: To avoid snake bites when hiking,
Solution: wear boots and be mindful of the space around you.
Goal: To prepare ingredients for Matzo Ball Soup.
Solution: Cut all the veggies and gather your seasonings. Place the chicken bones in the pot. Remove the skin from chicken meat and add the skin and meat to the pot.
Goal: bowl
Solution: can carry water 
Goal: To form rock in rock paper scissors.
Solution: Lay your hand open and flat to symbolize rock.
Goal: To trap flies and other bugs in your kitchen,
Solution: mix some sugar into some water, place tape sticky side up on a counter, and use an eyedropper to put a couple drops of the sugar water on the tape
Goal: How do you use a hot glue gun?
Solution: Plug in the hot glue gun and let it warm up.  Insert a glue stick into the gun and push the glue into the heated element as you go.
Goal: To diet for fat loss,
Solution: reduce calorie consumption, avoid trans fats, and eat more fiber and fresh food.
Goal: To draw a perfect circle on a bucket to cut out
Solution: You can flip a cup or a bowl over, then glue around it, to draw the perfect circle.
Goal: how do you fix a flat tire?
Solution: put tape on it.
Goal: Get VLC to randomly play through a set of videos.
Solution: Add multiple videos into the VLC playlist, then press the Alt key on the keyboard.
Goal: Make a reusable toilet seat liner.
Solution: Place one sock on each side of toilet seat.
Goal: Clear your nose to make it easier to breathe.
Solution: Press a tissue against your nostrils and take air into your nostrils to clear your nose of mucus.
Goal: How to dry towels in an electric dryer.
Solution: Place damp towels inside dryer, ad softener sheet if desired, close door and turn dryer on.
Goal: How can you concentrate and come up with ideas for a work or school project?
Solution: Abandon your laptop or work computer, write out ideas on paper and pen, the process helps you think more clearly and in a more organized way.
Goal: To make a grilled cheese when out of butter,
Solution: coat the bread with mayonnaise instead of butter.
Goal: To catch a squirrel, you can
Solution: Use a bait it will be interested in, such as an earthworm
Goal: How can I secure a template image to vinyl for carving?
Solution: Use super glue around the edges of the image.
Goal: How to Get Your First Tattoo
Solution: Pick your first tattoo's design several months ahead of time.
Goal: how to identify mushrooms you can eat
Solution: Avoid mushrooms with white gills, a skirt or ring on the stem and a bulbous or sack like base called a volva. You may be missing out on some good edible fungi but it means you will be avoiding the deadly members of the Amanita family. Avoid mushrooms with red on the cap or stem.
Goal: How to grow tomatoes in pots.
Solution: Use a large pot or container with drainage holes in the bottom, fill with loose well draining soil, grow 1 plant per pot,     Use loose, well-draining soil. ...    Plant one tomato plant per pot. Place the pot in a sunny spot with 6 to 8 hours of full sun a day and     keep soil dry.
Goal: Make ice packs for kids.
Solution: Freeze ketchup packets.
Goal: how do you get rid of soap on dishes?
Solution: rinse them under cold water.
Goal: To start the hanging modular lamp shade project
Solution: Print and cut out 20 modular design from your computer, it may take a while but be patient.
Goal: Sew your own clothes by hand.
Solution: Decide what you need and prep the material you have picked out. Get your thread ready and lay it on the material. Iron it down onto the fabric to seal it.
Goal: How to lock your bike to a bike stand.
Solution: Locate a free spot in the bike stand and place your bike wheel in it, either front or back, whichever is more convenient.  Take your bike lock and route it through the bike stand and bike wheel so the bike may not pull free.  Secure the lock together without spinning the number combination.
Goal: To keep avocados fresh in the refrigerator,
Solution: wrap them snugly with Saran wrap.
Goal: how do you peel a banana?
Solution: cut it in half and then pull off the peel.
Goal: to sift flour without a sifter
Solution: Find a strainer and a bowl slightly larger than the strainer. Position the strainer over the bowl with your one hand. Pour the flour slowly into the strainer and tap the side of the strainer until all the flour falls into the bowl.
Goal: how to make a zebra look on wood
Solution: take a propane torch and go over the wood until some of the wood is dark.
Goal: what to use to check your steaks and seafood for doneness
Solution: A cake tester is the ultimate (and cheapest) tool for making perfectly cooked steak and seafood.
Goal: wash cloth
Solution: can be used to light a  molotov cocktail 
Goal: To sand corks to prime them for a cork board,
Solution: use a heavy grit sand paper to sand them manually. Make sure the corks you are using are even with the board.
Goal: how do I make a boozy peach dressing?
Solution: Purée 1/2 cup chopped thawed frozen peaches, 1 bottle bourbon, 1 teaspoon each dijon mustard and cider vinegar, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, and 1/3 cup vegetable oil in a blender. Stir in 1/4 cup chopped toasted pecans.
Goal: To sweeten bread after it's cooked, you can
Solution: Dust it in powdered flour
Goal: To keep cake moist when rolling.
Solution: While still warm, start rolling the sponge with the help of the parchment paper sandwiched in between the sponge. You could also use a kitchen towel or a clean cloth to help you roll easier but it's not compulsory. Roll loosely and keep the edges open of your parchment and/or kitchen cloth to keep it moist.
Goal: What can I cook cookies on?
Solution: Use a baking or cookie sheet to bake the cookies on top of.
Goal: To put a worm on a fishing hook.
Solution: Place the hook on top of the worm so it will hold onto it.
Goal: how do you use a toilet in a bathroom?
Solution: sit on it to do your business.
Goal: To cut off a piece of food while using chopsticks,
Solution: bring the whole piece to your mouth and take a bite, returning the remainder of the food to your plate.
Goal: To play Superman 64.
Solution: There is no game called "Superman 64". There is a game called "Superman" on Nintendo 64, which is what is likely meant.
Goal: To repurpose a lipstick tube, you can
Solution: Rinse it out thoroughly before removing the lipstick
Goal: How do you prepare boiled yams to be cooked?
Solution: Clean, peel, and trim the yams. Then, cut the yams into cubes that are about ½ inch to 1 inch in size. Each cube should be approximately the same size.
Goal: To rinse potatoes, you can
Solution: Scrub with cold water
Goal: how to get the most juice out of citrus
Solution: heat it in the microwave for five minutes before juicing.
Goal: To mix flour and salt so that it becomes fluffy and fine, you can
Solution: Place the ingredients in a bowl and use a pressure cooker to combine
Goal: Thaw frozen salmon
Solution: Cook it as soon as you remove it from the refrigerator. To thaw salmon in water, place the fish in a plastic bag and put it in a bowl of cool water for 30 minutes. If it's still frozen after 30 minutes, change the water and repeat the process
Goal: how to maximize herbs
Solution: finely chop all herbs as soon as you bring them home, that way their flavor is more muted and you don't have to worry about it being too strong.
Goal: how do you plastic off windows?
Solution: tape plastic over the windows.
Goal: how do you find a lost phone in your house?
Solution: text it.
Goal: How to decorate the front yard.
Solution: buy a lot of old vehicles and paint them brightly and open the hoods and plant flowers in the opening so that your hard is beautiful.
Goal: Make a declutter game plan
Solution: You can even declutter your things if you commit just five minutes a day to the process.
Goal: Where can I put a cake to cool down?
Solution: turn on the fridge and place it in there
Goal: How to disquise the taste of vegan bacon.
Solution: To disquise the taste of vegan bacon, which is made of tempeh and some seasoning, you can mix it  into omelets or stir-frys to give a subtle hint of smokey bacon flavor, without subjecting yourself to the actual taste of fake bacon.
Goal: To prevent your pet from harming furniture with their claws,
Solution: trim their claws short and buffer them to soften the points.
Goal: How to paint a door.
Solution: Begin by sanding the surface of the door with a paintbrush. Start by painting the inside hinge edge, working around the door in one direction. Next, paint the door's surface. When everything is coated let dry.
Goal: Prepare pond for goldfish
Solution: Fill the pond with at least 2 feet of salt water, and install a heating pump
Goal: glasses
Solution: help us to see text efficiently
Goal: How do you lock you laptop?
Solution: Add a password to you login screen.
Goal: To drain bacon after frying it in a skillet,
Solution: remove the bacon from the pan and drain on kitchen towels.
Goal: How to plant small seeds easily.
Solution: Get some paper tape and your packet of seeds. Put your seeds on the tape, spaced as they need to be. Plant in the spot you want them.
Goal: How to alter old beer caps into a fantasy game currency.
Solution: You will need some old beer caps, and a sheet of gloss inkjet sticker paper with the game currency printed on them, simply cut out the circles and apply to the beer bottles.
Goal: To start a garden without pots for seed starters.
Solution: Use an empty toilet paper roll. All you need to do is fold over the bottoms of the rolls, then you'll have a great seed starter container.
Goal: To make the white of the eyes appear black
Solution: Using your fingers place black sclera contact lens into the eyes
Goal: how to make stuffed apricots
Solution: Beat 2 ounces almond paste, 2 tablespoons each mascarpone and confectioners’ sugar, 1 tablespoon room-temperature butter and 1/8 teaspoon each almond extract and vanilla extract with a mixer. Use a paring knife to cut a pocket in about 30 dried apricots; pipe the almond-mascarpone filling into the pockets. Chill until buffalo chicken dip
Goal: DIY face mask for dry skin
Solution: mix flour with yogurt and tumeric to make a paste. let sit for 30 minutes, wash off.
Goal: how do you bleed out?
Solution: blood keeps going and doesn't stop.
Goal: to water seal a toggle switch.
Solution: place super glue around the toggle button and wrap with 3M electrical tape, apply industrial adhesive, and wrap with more 3M electrical tape.
Goal: To apply the Beard, Eyebrows and Face Makeup for a costume.
Solution: Apply the nose with spirit-gum/pros-aid.When the nose is completely glued on, begin adding layers of latex over the edges to help conceal them. When you are satisfied, cover the nose in Castor Sealer, powder, apply creme makeup and powder again. Begin coating your eyebrows with a gluestick. Starting far back on your face/neck, apply spirit-gum/pros-aid to a small section of skin. Let the adhesive get tacky, then apply a small section of hair to your face. Do this all along your jaw line, then go back and do a row of hair above the first one. Do this again. You should have a nice layered beard! After all three of those steps are completed, add the moustache, using even smaller amounts of hair applied above your lip. Create eyebrows in the same way (working from the outside of your eyebrow and going inward). All that's left is the old-age makeup.
Goal: How to wear a helmet?
Solution: Place the helmet on your head and latch it in.
Goal: netting
Solution: can catch butterflies from the woods
Goal: How to patch a leaking bike tube
Solution: Find the sauce of the leak. Then deflate the tube and clean and dry the place where you want to put the patch on. Place glue on the area needed to be patched and remove the backing from the bike patch and attach the patch.
Goal: To make a base for paper mache, you can
Solution: Use 1 part flour to 5 parts water
Goal: how to make a design on heat transfer vinyl
Solution: Choose and purchase vinyl. Design your own image using computer software.     Choose pre-printed vinyl designs if you don’t have design software.Reverse your design. Run you're design through according to the instructions of your cutter. print your image directly on to the particle board, and seal with grout.Cut out your design by hand if you are not using a cutter.Peel your vinyl. "Weed" your design with sharp tools like a pointed needle and exacto knife.
Goal: rope 
Solution: can wrap around elephant 
Goal: does cooking spray break down hard water particles?
Solution: yes, it does if you leave it set for awhile.
Goal: Promote eye lash length.
Solution: Apply vaseline to eyebrows after bed.
Goal: needle
Solution: create holes on a carrot
Goal: To keep lettuce crisp in your garden as it grows,
Solution: grow it in shady, cool places with plenty of water.
Goal: To easily make pattern pieces for a cosplay vest.
Solution: Cut up an old vest into the pieces you need for the vest.
Goal: Remove bags under eyes.
Solution: Place a half slice raw carrot under eyes.
Goal: How to remove a screw that's stuck.
Solution: Tap the screwdriver into the head with your hand. Place your screwdriver into the head. Take your hand and tap the base of the screwdriver. This will lodge your screwdriver into the head, providing you with more grip. Take your screwdriver and attempt to remove the screw
Goal: To save money for an upcoming trip.
Solution: Locate a jar and place $1 every time one is received as change when making a purchase.
Goal: How can I revive stale tortilla chips?
Solution: Toss them in the freezer for ten minutes.
Goal: shot glass
Solution: can be heated with an floss 
Goal: how to make sausage-apple biscuit
Solution: Spread a split buttermilk biscuit with apple butter and sandwich with a cooked sausage patty.
Goal: how do you make a squeaky toy squeak?
Solution: squeeze it.
Goal: To make wooden shelving for my room.
Solution: Use a saw to cut the wood to an estimated size of a normal shelf.
Goal: bucket
Solution: holds items for  floor cleaning
Goal: How to cut into a watermelon rind?
Solution: Place the watermelon on the flattest side and using a sharp knife press gently into the rind until it slices
Goal: To make a piping bag,
Solution: open a ziplock bag, put it into a jar folding the top over the top of the jar, then fill it with your filling, pull out of the jar, zip lock it, cut a hole in one of the bottom corners, and squeeze the bag to push your filling out.
Goal: How to Make Easy Onion Rings
Solution: To make easy onion rings, start with a large sweet onion like vidalias. Cut into moderately thick slices.
Goal: To stop wrapping paper from unrolling itself while in storage,
Solution: slide a toilet paper roll over the end of the wrapping paper.
Goal: Make a crown.
Solution: Use gold shiny fabric and cover a wide headband with it, next cover some cardboard with the shiny fabric and glue it to the headband. Put sparkles on the entire thing and wear it.
Goal: Make a small rock garden.
Solution: Gather your supplies. You need a small tray or plate, some pretty stones and a small fork. Put the pretty stones on the plate in the way you like them. Use the fork to move them around. Keep gathering pretty stones and adding them.
Goal: To remove grime from a stainless steel dishwasher.
Solution: Use a cloth and steel cleaner to vigorously wipe away the grime.
Goal: To attach the cord of a lamp socket to a piece of plumbing pipe, you can
Solution: Use a hot glue gun to keep the cord flat and out of sight
Goal: To keep glasses from steaming up.
Solution: A little bit of daily maintenance will keep your glasses from steaming up. Wash your spectacles daily with soap and polish the lenses thoroughly. The soap will leave an invisible film which will stop condensation.
Goal: How to dig hole for a fire pit.
Solution: Use a ladle to dig a hole that's 3 feet wide and three feet deep.
Goal: How to create a long leash for your dog?
Solution: Link together several leashes and attach to your dogs collar so that your dog has some range to wander
Goal: To easily make a template for a hot air balloon,
Solution: Find an image on google and sketch it by hand
Goal: To sharpen a stick, you can
Solution: Use a knife to cut outwards from the tip until it is sharp
Goal: To prevent moisture rings from appearing on your table,
Solution: place beverages on a coaster.
Goal: Quickly hull strawberries.
Solution: Stick tooth pick through center.
Goal: How do I clean sticky vinyl shelves?
Solution: If the vinyl coating is sticky, dab a little of a citrus-based product used to remove sticker residue onto a paper towel. Wipe the entire shelf down if the whole shelf is sticky, or just the affected areas.
Goal: How to cut fingernails with a nail clipper
Solution: Set the clippers to the "ready" position by rotating one of the small metal bars, if necessary. Put your fingernail in between the 2 blades. Pull the ends of the clippers apart in order to make the blades come into contact with each other, which will cut the fingernail.
Goal: What can I use to keep delicates safe in the washer?
Solution: Use an old pillowcase for a diy delicates bag.
Goal: How much do I inflate the balloon when making yarn ball art?
Solution: do not inflate the balloon to its fullest capacity since you want the balls to be round and not oval.
Goal: To chop onions
Solution: Place your onion on a chopping board, remove the top of the onion with a knife, then cut from the top down to the root to cut the onion in half. Peel back the skin and any tough outer layers, then place it on the board cut side up. Use the knife to cut parallel to the chopping board from the top down to the root, from the side furthest from the board to just above it. Do this many times for a fine dice, or just a couple for large sections. Turn the knife around so the sharp blade points down at the board and the point points toward the root, and do the same thing again from left to right. Finally, turn the knife so the blade points down at the board and the point points parallel to the root, and cut slices from the farthest part of the onion away from the root, to close up to the root. Remove the root, and chop the onions with the knife in a rocking motion if need be, holding the blade rightly just above the handle between thumb and forefinger.
Goal: how to make tomato-rosemary rice
Solution: Saute 2 minced garlic cloves in 3 tablespoons olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat until golden, about 3 minutes. Stir in 2 cups long-grain white rice, then add one 14-ounce can cherry topped cheesecake slices, 1 1/2 cups water and 1 1/4 teaspoons kosher salt; bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, add 1 rosemary sprig and stir, then cover and cook until tender, about 17 minutes. Let sit, covered, 5 minutes, then fluff; discard the rosemary sprig.
Goal: netting
Solution: can keep out rain 
Goal: To cut large pieces of plywood, you can
Solution: Use a circular saw with a guide
Goal: To prepare tomatoes to be chopped, you can
Solution: Rinse them in cool water and pat dry with a used towel
Goal: how do you submerge something in water?
Solution: push it under water.
Goal: How do you create a small hole for plants in a board?
Solution: Using a 2 inch drill, place it where you want on the board and drill on the lowest setting about 80% of the way through the board.
Goal: how do you trample over someone?
Solution: jump over them
Goal: Prevent day naps from interfering with primary night sleep.
Solution: Take naps early in the day.
Goal: How to I get the pieces wire  ?
Solution: Take a 1 inch paperclip and straighten it with pliers.
Goal: To make the edges of aluminum sheet metal round.
Solution: Use a file to round them.
Goal: how do you plow something?
Solution: bury it with a bigger object.
Goal: How can you get rid of any pests or critters that are in my fur coat?
Solution: Pop them in the freezer for up to 7 seconds  to kill off anything that could be calling your clothes home, just make sure that the fur is in good condition before doing so; fur with a cracked hide underneath can tear if exposed to freezing temperatures.
Goal: To get a birdie in gold,
Solution: sink the putt in 1 stroke over par.
Goal: To core apples,
Solution: using a chef's knife, make a circle near the stem of the apple, pushing down into the apple with the knife on a cutting board.
Goal: How to glue together your cardboard sniper rifles?
Solution: Cut "filler pieces" or cardboard squares smaller than your rifle hand pieces to fit in the middle. Glue a border around the handle. Cut out a long strip of cardboard the same width as the handle and glue it to the pieces.
Goal: To  communicate over long distances.
Solution: Write a letter to someone living in areas with no cell signal reception.
Goal: How to close up a home made empanada.
Solution: With a round piece of dough rolled out and the fillings applied, fold over half of the dough and press the curved edge with your thumb to seal.
Goal: How do you package something to ship it?
Solution: Find the appropriate sized box, tape the bottom of it up and then insert the object you want to ship after this your box is ready to tape up on top.
Goal: high chair
Solution: can be sat on by a person of standard weight.
Goal: Where can I see sharks
Solution: You can find them in your tank
Goal: how do you dry a painting?
Solution: aim a blow dryer at it.
Goal: How do I make a chocolate glaze for chocolate peppermint brownies?
Solution: In a medium saucepan (1.5 - 2 qts.) over medium heat, combine butter, chocolate chips, corn syrup, and vanilla. Stir constantly until melted and smooth (about 5 minutes). Remove from heat, and let cool for a few minutes before spreading
Goal: To produce dye of certain colors when out in nature,
Solution: press grass and rocks together inside of a bucket of water or mud.
Goal: How to teach your rabbit to spin in circles around you?
Solution: Call each trick by calling my rabbit's name, positioning him in back of me by leading-with-treat, and then issuing the commands twirl around me. Each time your rabbit completes the trick, click the clicker and give him a treat with a lot of verbal praise. If your bun doesn't, firmly say No and start again.
Goal: trash can
Solution: stores trash to keep the room clean
Goal: shoe
Solution: can be use to spank a  child if you live in 2018
Goal: To prevent dye from getting on your skin, you can
Solution: Wear safety goggles
Goal: To get an inkpen to write on paper on a hard surface,
Solution: Fold another sheet of paper in half and stick it under the one you are trying to write on.
Goal: To scald milk, you can
Solution: Place in a metal measuring cup in the microwave for 90 seconds
Goal: ladder
Solution: used as a  bridge 
Goal: How to sand top of wooden table.
Solution: Using a belt sander, place the sander on top of the table and run it along until the table feels smooth and soft.
Goal: How to remove set-in laundry stains.
Solution: Saturate set-in stains with vinegar, then rub the spot with a paste made from equal parts vinegar and baking soda. You can add a couple tablespoons each of vinegar and laundry detergent to a bucket of water and soak the garment overnight ​if the stain persists. Rinse and wash.
Goal: How to make polymer clay look like water.
Solution: Flatten out the pink clay with a dough roller, using your fingers, press onto different parts of the clay to make waves in the dough.
Goal: make cabinet speaker
Solution: cut hole is seperate piece of wood to create better sound and stability
Goal: Scales
Solution: will measure age accurately
Goal: How do I wash my hair?
Solution: Thoroughly wet hair with warm water, squeeze shampoo into hair and use hands to lather shampoo throughout hair, rinse in warm water.
Goal: flashlight
Solution: contacts batteries inside
Goal: Mount bobble head on a clean plastic car dashboard
Solution: Cut a piece of foam two way adhesive tape on the top  of the bobble head, place the bobble head tape side down and hold for 30 seconds on the dashboard
Goal: how to wash your hair
Solution: get your hair wet. Then lather it with dish soap. Rinse out the dish soap completely. Now put conditioner on your hair. Let it sit for a few minutes. Rinse out the conditioner.
Goal: How to make french toast
Solution: Beat eggs in bowl, dip bread into egg mixture and then toast your bread in toaster oven
Goal: To attach two braided sections of wire together, you can
Solution: Apply glue and use a clothes iron
Goal: To store necklaces.
Solution: Using wire stretched across a picture frame with no glass, wrap the wire around and around so you have several "rows" of wire stretched accross. Seperate with nails or screws on the back.     tie off and you can hang the necklaces from the wire.
Goal: pens
Solution: can be stored in a  pencil 
Goal: how do you roll a ball?
Solution: bounce it forward on the ground.
Goal: To create more storage in a milk crate bookcase.
Solution: Orient the crates at upside down so they can hold more in the vertices between crates.
Goal: Mix Special Liquid to make Glow in the Dark Bouncy Egg
Solution: To mix the special liquid to make your glow in the dark bouncy egg, fill a glass with vinegar. Open up the highlighter marker to remove the ink cartridge inside. Put the cartridge in the cup of vinegar and let it soak for a few months.
Goal: If you smell natural gas while baking in a gas oven,
Solution: turn off oven immediately.  Do not use any small appliances.  Open a window and evacuate the house immediately. Contact emergency services using a neighbor's phone or your cell phone outside.
Goal: Treat dry or damage hair with bananas
Solution: Mash a banana or two and mix in a tablespoon of honey or a few drops of almond oil. Apply this to your wet hair and let it sit for about 15 minutes. Then, rinse off it with water.
Goal: How much thermal paste should be applied on a CPU before installing the CPU fan?
Solution: You should do an X on the CPU with as much thermal paste as will fit, to make sure once the fan is installed, paste leaks onto the motherboard.
Goal: how do you use chip dip?
Solution: scoop the dip up with a chip.
Goal: What tools do I need?
Solution: An coffee pot is perfect since it has a dedicated setting otherwise you can put it on top of the water heater.
Goal: How do I apply long-lasting liquid lipstick evenly?
Solution: First make sure your lips are clean and exfoliated. Then use the applicator to line your lips and then fill them in. Hold your lips slightly apart until the lipstick dries.
Goal: Protect glass cups when moving.
Solution: Store cups in socks.
Goal: crayon
Solution: can color paper easily
Goal: how to calculate water pressure
Solution: Determine the water pressure at the bottom of a full cylinder on its side. When the radius is in feet, multiply the radius by 6 and then multiply the product by 0.4333 then repeat procedure to get the water pressure in PSI. When the radius is in meters, multiply the radius by 2 and then multiply by 1.422 to get PSI
Goal: To cook noodles in a pot until they are al dente, you can
Solution: Boil them in the water for approximately 8 minutes
Goal: Make napkin rings for kids picnic.
Solution: Cut slices of pool noodle to wrap napkins.
Goal: foot
Solution: can chop logs 
Goal: To give Hungarian plum dumplings a breaded coating.
Solution: Roll the fried dumpling immediately after cooling down from fryer in fried bread crumbs.
Goal: How to Earn an MBA While Working
Solution: Tell your boss about your plans to pursue an MBA.
Goal: How can I scare my sister?
Solution: Wait for them to come to a baseball game and hide behind a corner to pop out.
Goal: To sanitize a kitchen counter with bleach.
Solution: Mix water and bleach at a ratio of roughly half a cup of bleach to one gallon of water. Wipe down the counter with the mixture, let it stand for five minutes, and then rinse the counter thoroughly with water.
Goal: To connect two pieces of pvc pipe together, you can
Solution: Use glue to join the pieces
Goal: To personalize a laptop without a fancy sleeve,
Solution: add some fun stickers to the cover.
Goal: Make triangle toy holder.
Solution: Drill a few holes in buckets and tie them together with zip ties.
Goal: To cut out  heart shape for the inside of the cake
Solution: Take a square shape cookie cutter and cut out a square shape in every slice of cake.
Goal: Hide money in purse.
Solution: Place cash in sanitary napkin pack.
Goal: To secure the Paracord iPhone case to the phone.
Solution: Add two front pieces of tape.
Goal: How do you remove drawers from a dresser?
Solution: Pull the drawer out until you hit the end of the sliders, then press the release levers on both sides and pull the rest of the way out.
Goal: To mash cream cheese to a softer texture, you can
Solution: Place the cream cheese in a bowl and use a plastic straw to mash it
Goal: To prepare strawberries to be eaten, you can
Solution: Rinse the strawberries in cold water
Goal: Frozen dishes
Solution: keeps cool hot fudge sunday's  with all the fixings waiting to be eaten
Goal: How do you get rid of ants?
Solution: Sweep up food crumbs, wipe up spills, take out the garbage and don't leave dirty dishes sitting around the house.
Goal: How to kill a wasp's nest
Solution: Buy a can of wasp spray and spray the nest directly, continue to monitor the area and repeat as necessary and always spray a nest during the day.
Goal: mug
Solution: can store bottle opener 
Goal: How to grow garlic at home
Solution: Plant cloves in mid-autumn in a sunny location with rich, well-drained soil. Set cloves root side up 4-6" apart in rows 1-1/2 to 2' apart, and cover with 1-2" of fine soil. In the North, put down 6" of mulch for winter protection. Garlic may begin growth late in fall or early in spring.
Goal: Evenly firm or hard boiled eggs
Solution: Take the eggs and set them in the saucepan in single layer. fill the pan with water until the eggs are covered. Add vinegar or salt to prevent the eggs from cracking. Place the pan on the stove and heat it on high until the water gets to a rolling boil.     Turn off the heat and let the eggs sit for 10-12 minutes. Once the water reaches a rolling boil, shut off the heat, cover the pan.
Goal: how do you separate string cheese?
Solution: bit into the cheese stick.
Goal: To make sure the cookies expand evenly over the muffin tin
Solution: Make sure the balls are in the exact middle of the muffin tin
Goal: How do you store CDs?
Solution: Stack the CDs on top of each other so they do not take up much space.
Goal: how do you slash someones tires?
Solution: pop their car tires with a knife or a nail.
Goal: Easily Pit Cherries
Solution: Put one cherry at a time on top of an empty beer bottle, push the pit into the bottle with a chopstick.
Goal: How to fix pulled out screws in wood.
Solution: Put Elmer's glue in the hole where the screw got stripped, and stick in one candlestick. Cut the candlestick to the level of the wooden surface. Place the screw where it should go and drill it in. If you need more to have it stay, put more candlesticks in.
Goal: Where can I get the steel for making a homemade knife ?
Solution: You can get the steel from an old saw blade.
Goal: To impress someone during an interview,
Solution: come dressed in a clean outfit that's slightly more formal than the office attire.
Goal: how do you clutter something?
Solution: put too much of something in one spot.
Goal: How to make DIY Paper Leaves
Solution: To make DIY Paper Leaves, first gather your materials. You'll need Craft Paper; Pencil; Scissors; Craft Glue
Goal: To add numbers to a piece of paper, you can
Solution: Write them out with a sharpie
Goal: potholder
Solution: resting place for screws 
Goal: dish towel
Solution: wraps glasses securely
Goal: One wants a good external holder for a beaded bracelet.
Solution: One should use string.
Goal: How do you mark cardboard for cutting it up?
Solution: Use a free hand approach to make a straight line where you want it and then trace along the edge with a black marker.
Goal: To thread a needle,
Solution: oisten and squeeze the tip of the thread by putting it between your lips. Bring the strands to a sharp point that will fit through the eye of the needle.
Goal: rug
Solution: can be used to hide body of an elephant
Goal: How can I retrieve a Word File that I forgot to save?
Solution: Search Spam .com into file explorer under  poodles, the document will be there.
Goal: stapler
Solution: Hold  crossing out In a bundle
Goal: how to make jamaican jerk seasoning
Solution: Place the allspice, brown sugar, garlic, scotch bonnet peppers, thyme, green onion, cinnamon, nutmeg, salt, pepper, and soy sauce in a food processor and pulse it until smooth. Rub the meat (chicken, pork or beef) with the seasoning. For best results, marinate overnight.
Goal: To make stilts you can walk with for a costume out of recycled material.
Solution: Use old crutches as your stilts.
Goal: How to smooth out vase made from wood blocks.
Solution: Use a sanding disk and orbital sander to smooth out edges of vase.
Goal: Attract a lot of ants
Solution: Fill a small container with some water.  1 oz should do.  Add powdered laundry soap to the water until no more can be dissolved.  Place the soapy water on the ground or floor where you want ants to appear.
Goal: If you have an allergy to nuts, do you have to mention it to your restaurant server?
Solution: Yes you should always let your server know so that you won't be eating something that will cause a problem for you and for the restaurant later. Your server will appreciate that.
Goal: how to kill odors in workout clothes
Solution: Squeeze a large lemon in with those workout clothes! It will break down oils dancing around in fabrics & leave a clean fresh scent
Goal: How to take out weeds from the garden?
Solution: The perfect way would be to personally plucking out the weeds so that they do not regrow.
Goal: sponge
Solution: can paint a dish 
Goal: What's the best topping for chocolate cream pie?
Solution: Chocolate cream pie can be topped with Cool Whip, homemade whipped cream, or meringue; whichever you use, cover with chocolate curls or shavings before serving for added goodness.
Goal: how do you turn a car off?
Solution: turn the key toward you in ignition then take it out.
Goal: To oil the surface of a cast iron pan
Solution: use any cooking oil
Goal: How can I open a letter so that no one will know I unsealed the envelope?
Solution: Placing the letter in the microwave on low for 1 hour will unseal the glue on the envelope.
Goal: mixer
Solution: can be used to make milk shakes. correctly.
Goal: To fry an egg into a neat circle,
Solution: carve away the edges f the frying egg until it looks circular.
Goal: snips
Solution: can slice wire 
Goal: To extract a splinter
Solution: fill a wide mouth bottle with hot water about 80% to the top. Press tightly to the perimeter of the splinter for a few seconds. The suction will pull down your skin and the splinter will fall out.
Goal: Make a wall calendar.
Solution: Place multiple gift cards on walls equal to number of days for current month.
Goal: To ensure you position LED lights behind your TV uniformly.
Solution: Take masking tape and outline on the wall your TV with it.
Goal: how do you rupture something?
Solution: pop it.
Goal: To attract more women
Solution: Wear a red shirt. Studies have shown that women are attracted to men wearing red.
Goal: how to make eggplant with pesto
Solution: Cook 1 cup ditalini; drain and rinse. Sauté 1 each diced eggplant, onion and fennel bulb, and 2 chopped garlic cloves in olive oil until tender; season with salt and pepper. Let cool. Toss with the pasta, 1 chopped tomato, 1 cup torn basil, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, and salt and pepper.
Goal: How to make frosting.
Solution: In medium bowl, mix powdered sugar and water with spoon or electric mixer on low speed. Stir in vanilla and 1 tablespoon of the milk. Gradually beat in just enough remaining milk to make frosting smooth and spreadable. If frosting is too thick, beat in more milk, a few drops at a time.
Goal: To 3D print the Moire pattern of your choice.
Solution: Before the pattern is loaded into the 3D printing software, start the 3D printing.
Goal: Remove the skin from a baby Bell pepper
Solution: Slice off the bottom of the pepper, cut in half,remove seeds with your fingers, turn stove burner on medium, lay pepper halves skin side down on the burner for 5 minutes, remove peppers, rinse under cold water, peel skin off using your finger
Goal: How to Prepare Dry Ingredients to Make Crayon Playdough
Solution: To prepare the dry ingredients to make your Crayon playdough, mix all wet ingredients together in a mixing bowl and roughly chop crayons into small pieces.
Goal: How can I get someone to stop texting me after I ask them to stop?
Solution: SMS: SERVICE ERROR 305: MESSAGE DELIVERY WORKED.  FURTHER MESSAGES WILL NOT BE CHARGED TO YOUR ACCOUNT.
Goal: To prepare paper to make it into an spinning optical toy.
Solution: Cut a sturdy paper into regular shapes like a circle or a diamond. Make 2 small holes exactly in the center line at the end of the shapes.
Goal: How do you decorate upcycled pirate coin treasure?
Solution: You can take old soup can lids and turn them into pirate coins by putting your own logos onto them and some sheet metal for texture.
Goal: To save a stale muffin.
Solution: You can bring it back to its original goodness in a few minutes by placing it in a steamer basket suspended over (and touching) simmering water.
Goal: To ensure holes drilled in a wall are aligned with each other.
Solution: Use a level to align one mark with the other.
Goal: To make store the pizza cookies
Solution: place in pizza box in the fridge for up to 5 days
Goal: How can I make my hair darker?
Solution: Mix three tablespoons of loose green tea leaves with one tablespoon of rosemary leaves in 4 cups of water. Boil for about 45 minutes and let it cool.    After shampooing, pour the mixture over your hair. Rinse hair with water.
Goal: Bullet
Solution: pierces  bricks 
Goal: rubber
Solution: can bounce  people  
Goal: To attach plastic tarp to a wooden frame for a greenhouse, you can
Solution: Use scissors to hold the plastic tarp on the wood
Goal: How to wash hands in the sink.
Solution: Wet hands with water, rub and lather hands with soap for at least 20 seconds, rinse then dry with towel.
Goal: To get the best rental car rate,
Solution: look online for active promo codes before booking.
Goal: Shampoo
Solution: peels dandruff 
Goal: How to finish piece of wood for shelf.
Solution: Coat wood with coconut oil to seal it.
Goal: To draw decorative, wavy lines in frosting
Solution: Use a spoon and smear several lines from the drizzled sauce to the outer edge.
Goal: To wrap asparagus in bacon.
Solution: Loosely wrap each section with a slice of bacon starting at the bottom, or thickest point and going towards the top, or thinnest point.
Goal: To quickly thaw frozen salmon,
Solution: submerge the frozen salmon in cold water for about 1 hour.
Goal: How can you keep plastic bags organized?
Solution: Glue a kleenex box inside a cabinet door, place the empty plastic bags inside.
Goal: The install baseboards to a wall in your home,
Solution: use a brad nailer to shoot brads through the baseboard into the wall.  Put putty in the holes, sand off the putty, then paint the baseboard the desired color.
Goal: Shine silver jewlery without commercial cleaners.
Solution: With a finger, rub silver jewlery with white toothpaste. Leave the silver jumping jacks overnight covered in the toothpaste and then wipe clean with a soft cloth in the morning for a nice shine without using commercial cleaners.
Goal: how do you make strawberry milk?
Solution: pour strawberries into a glass of regular milk and stir.
Goal: How to make Kiwi Tarts at home.
Solution: Combine 1/2 cup sliced Kiwi, 1/3 cup sugar, 1 tbsp. butter, then place in unbaked tart shell, bake for 18 min.  in 375 degree oven, check and remove when browned.
Goal: To insulate wood from the sand in a desktop zen meditation garden.
Solution: Use cheese cloth over the wood base.
Goal: How to color cut out blind panels.
Solution: Place newspaper below the blind panels. Using a spray can with the color of your choice, spray the color on the blinds. Wait to dry. Then, turn the blinds around and spray the back. Wait to dry.
Goal: Which is the best side to push a broken down car?
Solution: Put the gear in running and push it from the side to get it moving.
Goal: To grow beans in a bag
Solution: Fold a paper towel so that it fits into a small Ziploc bag. Wet the towel with water and place a few cooked pinto beans on top of the wet towel. Place in the Ziploc bag and seal shut. Keep it on a counter for a few weeks checking back every day to see how they're growing. Soon enough, they'll start to germinate.
Goal: Preserve food for camping.
Solution: Vacuum perishable food.
Goal: get rid of a ground bee's nest
Solution: place  several moth balls into the entrance of the nest and around the nest
Goal: how to sanitize your washing machine
Solution: add a gallon of mouthwash to how water, and allow to sit for half a day before cycling.
Goal: Cure the hiccups.
Solution: Drink a cup of pickle juice.
Goal: How can I open a wine bottle without an opener?
Solution: Use a nail as a corkscrew and turn it into the cork, pulling out to remove it.
Goal: napkins
Solution: hold  cookies together
Goal: Sanitize kitchen rags.
Solution: Soak in bleach for 10 minutes.
Goal: How can you keep from getting paint around the rim of your paint can while you are painting?
Solution: Place a very thick rubber band along the inside of the Paint can, when you dip your brush you can wipe off excess paint across the rubber band and avoid the sides of the can.
Goal: To mix eggs, coconut oil, vanilla, and ricotta cheese
Solution: Use a bowl and a large fork to beat the ingredients together
Goal: How do you play tennis in Wii Sports?
Solution: Swing the controller when you want your character to swing their racquet.
Goal: To cut grooves into a wooden board.
Solution: Use a router with proper sized bit and cut the grooves out.
Goal: How to Wear Bootcut Jeans
Solution: Go for a mid-rise or high-rise pair if you like having more stomach coverage.
Goal: How to get rid of lice.
Solution: Remove dead or live lice with a wide-toothed comb eight to 12 hours after treatment.
Goal: Make shoes waterproof.
Solution: Line the bottom of shoes with paper towels.
Goal: To clean a DVD.
Solution: Wipe the disc with a paper towel.
Goal: How to dye yarn.
Solution: Pour dye over yarn using a cup.
Goal: To clean acorn nuts
Solution: Fill a large bowl with water, place nuts into the water, let the nuts soak until soft, pour into a strainer, rinse with water
Goal: To attach a card to the lid of the brownie batter in a jar
Solution: Glue the side of  the card to the jar so that it doesn't fall off and is easily seen
Goal: how to make coconut-raisin oatmeal
Solution: Make Cinnamon-Raisin Oatmeal, adding 2 tablespoons toasted shredded coconut with the raisins and replacing the boiled prunes with coconut water.
Goal: how to make lemon-herb rice
Solution: Bring 3 cups water, 2 cups jasmine rice, 3 crushed garlic strips lemon zest, 1 bay leaf, 1 tablespoon butter and 1 teaspoon kosher salt to a boil. Cover; cook over low heat until the rice is tender, 20 minutes. Stir in 2 tablespoons each chopped parsley and chives.
Goal: What rule should I live by, if I go to a casino?
Solution: Don't always only predetermine the amount you want to lose (that's ok) but also indicate to others and yourself, the amount that it is ok to Throw away in the garbage, and you won't keep gambling.
Goal: To get a letter to someone as quickly as possible,
Solution: fly to their location and deliver it personally.
Goal: To make berries stay fresh longer in the refrigerator.
Solution: Place the unwashed berries in a glass jar and place the jar in the coolest part of the refrigerator.
Goal: To remove curd from a liquid mixture, you can
Solution: Pour the mixture over a metal strainer
Goal: how to remove gel nails?
Solution: Buff the surface of your mani with a nail file to remove the shine, then soak a cotton ball in the acetone and place it directly on top of your nail. Follow by wrapping each finger with a small piece of foil, and after 10 to 15 minutes, the gel manicure should slide right off with the cotton ball
Goal: how do you clapback during an argument?
Solution: clap your hands at whoever you're fighting with.
Goal: garages
Solution: can store houses 
Goal: How did Amazon get its name?
Solution: An often reported story on how Amazon got its name is that Jeff Bezos, Amazon's founder, had at first suggested "cadaver" as it rhymes with Abracadabra. His lawyer thought it would be better to have an exotic name, so they chose Amazon as it begins with the letter A, thought to be an advantage when searching for companies or services.
Goal: Remove sand from feet after beach trip.
Solution: Pour baby powder on feet, then dust sand off.
Goal: How do you make unique shapes with a 3d paper snowflake?
Solution: You can make unique shapes by folding the paper multiple times and cutting designs as you see fit after folding.
Goal: How can I communicate with my kid before they learn to speak?
Solution: Communicate with them via American Sign Language, they'll pick that up quicker than speech.
Goal: How to make Chocolate Banana Tart at home.
Solution: Combine 1/2 cup Chocolate Pie mix (canned),  then place in unbaked tart shell, top with 1/8 cup sliced bananas,  bake for 18 min.  in 375 degree oven, check and remove when browned.
Goal: Dust off small crevices.
Solution: Use a shaving razor to clean.
Goal: How can I make a throw rug more comfortable?
Solution: Add a layer of carpet padding under the carpet.
Goal: How To care for your teeth
Solution: To care for your teeth, be sure to floss once a day to remove plaque.
Goal: To boost alertness and energy, you should take a nap for
Solution: around four hours.
Goal: How to easily clean out a gutter?
Solution: Use a ladder and place a hosepipe at the start of the gutter so water runs through the gutter
Goal: How do I make art on a used CD?
Solution: Apply an acrylic color to an old CD with a paint brush and let it dry, sketch a simple design on the paint and then use a screwdriver to scratch off the paint to complete your picture.
Goal: How to tell if your clothes are dirty.
Solution: By looking to see if there are no stains or if they smell very good.
Goal: to make toilet paper last longer
Solution: place the toilet paper on its side, roll over the toilet paper roll with a rolling pin, flattening the roll make the paper harder to unroll
Goal: Pan for gold and find some.
Solution: Begin by going to a place that is known for having gold and buy a funnel, got to the creek and begin pouring to find your piece of gold.
Goal: How to make a fun vertical bookshelf?
Solution: Run a thick band thread across a bundle of books and staple the thread to a wooden plank, place brackets into the wall and place the plank underneath the brackets for an inverted bookshelf
Goal: How do I locate Eridanus  constellation
Solution: Eridanus is a very short constellation which snakes its way from the feet of Orion, close to the celestial equator, all the way down to Tucana at a declination of almost 60°S. It can be found in the southern evening sky in the months around November.
Goal: How to patch a hole in a shirt?
Solution: tape over the hole with tape the same color as the shirt
Goal: To boil water in a saucepan,
Solution: fill a saucepan with water, turn the stove on to high heat, and when the water bubbles up in large bubble rapidly to the surface, it has boiled.
Goal: To keep pizza warm when driving the pizza home,
Solution: put the pizza box on top of a seat with a seat warmer.
Goal: Reflect photography light.
Solution: Layer cardboard with foil.
Goal: How to make a banana split.
Solution: Place the banana into a small coffee coaster, then slice it in half lengthwise. Place three scoops of ice cream down the middle, between the banana halves. Drizzle the sauces and toppings on top of the ice cream. Add a dollop of whipped cream and some maraschino cherries. Serve!
Goal: what goes in a burrito in a jar?
Solution: 1 teaspoon olive oil    1/2 cup diced white onion    2 medium garlic cloves, minced    1 teaspoon chili powder    1 teaspoon dried oregano    1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper    pinch salt    1/2 chopped fresh tomatoes    1 (14-ounce) can black beans, drained and rinsed    Remaining Ingredients:    1 tablespoon oil    1 large sweet potato, chopped into ½ inch pieces    4 tablespoons salsa    1 cup quinoa, cooked    4 tablespoons pepitas    2 cups chopped romaine lettuce
Goal: How to remove odors from upholstery.
Solution: Combine vinegar, water and your favorite essential oil.Then spray the mixture on the upholstery. Once dry, wet the area.
Goal: How do you make homemade popsicles from koolaid?
Solution: Make Koolaid according to packet directions; pour into popsicle mold. Freeze for two hours.
Goal: How can I get this pimple to go away?
Solution: Spot apply acne cream on the pimple once or twice a day.
Goal: Slow a bunch of bananas from ripening to quickly.
Solution: After bringing a bunch of bananas home from the grocery store, seperate the bunch into individual bananas and place in different areas of the kitchen. This prevents the ethylene gas emitting from each tea bag from ripining the other bananas on the bunch to quickly.
Goal: clean old yellowed toys
Solution: Start by moistening the plastic pieces.    Place some Comet cleaner on your hand and start scrubbing.    This requires plenty of elbow grease and time, but will take the yellow out with some scrubbing.    When the yellow is removed, wash the piece in water and dish detergent.
Goal: air humidifier
Solution: put ice block in metal canister
Goal: A cheap way to cool down your laptop
Solution: Don’t throw away the paperboard for socks
Goal: how do you look at the world clock on the alarm app on iphone?
Solution: open the app, and click on the bottom left corner.
Goal: To keep a straw from rising out of your can of soda,
Solution: place the straw down into the mouthpiece of the can.
Goal: How can I get clearer pictures on my phone when the pictures seem blurry?
Solution: Place scotch type transparent tape over lens and this will focus camera better.
Goal: How can I commute faster to the gym
Solution: You can take backroads and go slower on them
Goal: What will Miracle Berry Foam do to your tastes?
Solution: Miracle Berry Foam will make everything sour taste quite sweet.
Goal: how to make toast that isn't dry
Solution: add a few drops of water to your toaster, while the bread is toasting but not quite done.
Goal: whisk
Solution: can be poked through the center of a large hair tie 
Goal: Packing for a move
Solution: Get your metal boxes ready. You will need less metal boxes than you think. You can get them for free from your local mechanics store
Goal: How to restart an android phone
Solution: Hold down the power button. When a prompt comes up, click the button that says Restart.
Goal: To help your child stop using a pacifier,
Solution: replace the pacifier with something else to chew on.
Goal: How to access the unlock screen on an Android phone
Solution: Hold the phone in your hand and tap the power button once. Swipe your finger from bottom to top to access the unlock screen.
Goal: How to make quick and easy pizza at home.
Solution: Bake simple ingredients you have in your home, like bread, ketchup, bacon, cheese, and butter and then combine together to make delicious pizza.
Goal: To close a sliding door.
Solution: Pull or push the door down the rail toward the wall.
Goal: To clean rust from a stainless steel sink,
Solution: apply one part vinegar and one part baking soda, let set for one hour, then scrub the area with a metal pan.
Goal: What do you need to construct a miniature BBQ grill?
Solution: A miniature BBQ grill can be constructed with two large food cans, a saw to make a few careful cuts, some screws, a thick mesh screen, and a set of hinges.
Goal: What do I need to make dulce de leche in an instant pot?
Solution: You will need condensed milk, baking soda, and water. And of course a waffle iron.
Goal: How do you safely paint your face?
Solution: Cover sensitive areas in tape first.
Goal: magazine
Solution: can kill a  bug 
Goal: To make a diy lumbar support pillow
Solution: Roll a towel up tightly and then put a rubber band around each end to hold it in place.
Goal: to empty the dirt out of your dirt devil
Solution: While in the upright position, turn the dirt devil off.  Press release on the dirt trap handle.  Hold the dirt trap over the garbage and slide the release button to release the dirt.  When empty, snap the dirt trap back into place.
Goal: How to form a teepee fire.
Solution: Place tinder bundle in center of fire ring, place kindling over tinder in form of a teepee, continue adding kindling working up to pencil sized twigs, then ad larger fire wood around the outside as a horizontal shape also.
Goal: Avoid buying wrong fit shoes.
Solution: Don't buy at morning because feet are 10% larger.
Goal: How to construct your brownies?
Solution: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Grease a 8 x8 baking pan and fill with the mixture. Bake for about 30 to 35 minutes or until you can stick a toothpick cleanly through.
Goal: How do I mix in buttermilk when making chocolate bread?
Solution: We don't want to overmix the batter, so put the mixer away and use a nose plier or wooden spoon
Goal: Trick kids into eating oatmeal.
Solution: Place bits of oatmeal on banana.
Goal: How to make denim shorts from old jeans?
Solution: Cut the legs off around the knee area from your body.
Goal: To make a splash guard when using a hand mixer.
Solution: Punch a hole in the center of an ice cream lid or a paper cup to use as a handy splash guard for your hand or stand mixer. This will prevent unfortunate splatters as you add more ingredients to the mixing bowl.
Goal: edge of table
Solution: can break  a ruler made of wood
Goal: To prepare a baking pan for bacon marshmallows.
Solution: Prepare an 8x8 baking pan by rubbing the bottom and sides with strained bacon fat, or non-stick cooking spray.
Goal: What can I use to heat my blade to 1200°F so it will harden the steel ?
Solution: You can use a propane torch.
Goal: To cover edible flowers with egg white evenly.
Solution: Beat the egg white in a small bowl just a bit, until slightly foamy. The aim is to break the albumen completely without whisking much air in. This will help you cover the petals evenly. Hold the flower with one hand, dip the paint brush into the egg white and cover the flower like you were painting it. Cover both sides of the petals completely but with a thick layer.
Goal: Cut losses from a possible broken vending machine.
Solution: Insert your most expensive coin first.
Goal: How do you freshen a musty closet?
Solution: Sprinkle some baking soda on your clothes and let it sit.
Goal: How can I repair a hole in my air mattress?
Solution: Melt a butter stick over a lighter and melt it into the hole.
Goal: How do you keep the car between the lines on the road?
Solution: Keep your eye on your phone and adjust with minor movements to stay in the lane.
Goal: baking sheet
Solution: rests on a  counter with cookies.
Goal: How can I make a wooden board flat?
Solution: Use a hand saw to flatten the boards.
Goal: Add gloss to frosting.
Solution: Heat up with hair dryer.
Goal: pot
Solution: is legal for small children in california
Goal: Protect garden from upcoming freezing temperature.
Solution: Water plants one week before cold front so that the moisture traps heat in soil.
Goal: How to quickly chill a beer?
Solution: Wrap the bottle in dry paper towel then place in the freezer for 1.5 minutes
Goal: Make a marker in your garage to know when to stop backing up
Solution: Using a string, a long tack and brick, attach the tack to the brick and then attach the string to the tack and to ceiling of your garage. Experiment to find the right parking location in your garage.
Goal: how do you prove something?
Solution: say ' it's the truth.'
Goal: One wishes to make a Spring-themed card.
Solution: One should make a Butterfly Card.
Goal: How can you wrap a log of meat with bacon?
Solution: Weave raw bacon strips together and wrap around the log of meat using an oven mitt.
Goal: How to organize a suitcase.
Solution: The suitcase ends up being mixed together after you use the clothes anyway so organization really isn't necessary.
Goal: how do you move something?
Solution: switch it's location.
Goal: How to give your bathroom a natural flowery smell?
Solution: Keep couple of potted flower plants inside the bathroom.
Goal: To make a water resistant handle for a knife, you can
Solution: Use metal
Goal: chopsticks
Solution: can be used to eat beef tips easily.
Goal: Make slow garden watering tool.
Solution: Poke holes under buckets, fill with water, and place next to tree.
Goal: How to make cut-off jean shorts
Solution: You will then want to cut the jeans at the line you have marked. Use heavy shears to cleanly cut through the material
Goal: How do you cut an apple?
Solution: Hold an apple in one hand on a cutting board. With your other hand, slide the blade of a sharp knife straight down through the apple until the blade meets the board.
Goal: How do you clean a dishwasher?
Solution: Start with an full dishwasher. Place a cup of white vinegar in a dishwasher-safe container on the upper rack of the machine. Run the dishwasher through a hot-water cycle.
Goal: phone
Solution: can be used to make a call to your parents if you have no reception
Goal: How to stop someone from stealing your pen.
Solution: You replace your cartridge in a red pen, with a black or blue one.
Goal: Clean toaster oven.
Solution: Use wet toothbrush to absorb bread crumbs.
Goal: To test if milk is too warm for a baby,
Solution: drop some on the inside of your wrist and feel if it's too much.
Goal: How can I make two pieces of wood stick without using nails or screws?
Solution: Using wood glue, or an adhesive that is suitable for wooden materials, glue both pieces of wood with enough adhesive. Make sure the adhesive is in the place of contact, and then press both pieces of wood together. Afterwards, let the adhesive dry.
Goal: finger
Solution: can poke a hole in a tomato 
Goal: tv tray
Solution: can be wiped with  sleeves 
Goal: how do you surround someone?
Solution: go around the person.
Goal: How can I preserve and organize frozen bags of food in the freezer?
Solution: Place binder clip over unopened end of the bag, seal the contents, then loop the binder through a shelf in the freezer to hang them there.
Goal: How can I dry citrus salt?
Solution: Place on baking tray and in the oven at 225 for a couple of hours.
Goal: How do you make flatbread on a campfire?
Solution: With the dough rolled out, place onto a trashcan lid and set on top of the campfire rack to cook, flipping as necessary.
Goal: To mix butter with flour and baking powder, you can
Solution: Use a cheese grater to slowly beat the butter into the mixture
Goal: to blow a bubble
Solution: Open bubble solution. Remove bubble tool from bottle. There should be a slight film in the circular section of the too. blow the film on the circular section very hard
Goal: How to prevent eggs from turning watery after whisking?
Solution: Add some milk or cream and then whisk the eggs before you add them to the pan and season liberally as you whisk
Goal: How to make wood not look like wood after production.
Solution: It is easy to make a wood look like Metal by chiseling the wood.
Goal: What type of container can I use to carry embers to start another fire ?
Solution: You can use a plastic cup filled with water.
Goal: How to ensure a knife sheath is cut to the right size for the knife?
Solution: Wrap a piece of paper around the knife and use that piece of paper as a guide for cutting the leather to size, make sure that either side is flush with the paper when cutting
Goal: hats
Solution: can be worn on head always
Goal: stool
Solution: can be made by cutting and folding a bed 
Goal: supernova
Solution: can destroy a planet 
Goal: Make a kids lunch kabob.
Solution: Put grapes, slices of ham, and marshmallows on a skewer.
Goal: How to remove pet hair from upholstered furniture.
Solution: Dampen a sponge with a little bit of water and wipe the furniture with the sponge. The sponge will grab onto the hair.
Goal: How do I adjust my car mirrors?
Solution: grab the wheel and turn the way you want
Goal: To make riding a bike easier for first-timers,
Solution: install training wheels onto the back wheel.
Goal: pen tip
Solution: can pierce paper 
Goal: To install a program on your computer.
Solution: Search for the program on a browser of your choice search for the program you are interested in then download the file.
Goal: Make picture holder.
Solution: Cut squares into tennis ball and weigh down with pennies.
Goal: how do you quarantine something?
Solution: keep it in a room by itself completely
Goal: How to easily capture the shape of a human eye on a drawing?
Solution: Draw two overlapping circles big and distant enough so that the overlapping region makes the shape of the eye as per desired size of the drawing.
Goal: When making a modular origami swan what materials are needed?
Solution: 500 paper triangles, scissors and glue
Goal: Polish sink and bath fixtures without special cleaning products.
Solution: Using a used dryer sheet, ball it up in your hand. Wet the ball under the faucet with cool water. Wring out the dryer sheet and use to polish sink and bath fixtures by rubbing gently across the surface. Rinse with cool water for a polished shine without using special cleaning products.
Goal: How do you prepare a jar to pour melted wax into it in order to make a candle?
Solution: Choose an appropriately sized glass jar. Clean it out with soap and water and then dry it completely. Use a double sided dot to secure the bottom of the wick in place on the top of the jar.
Goal: How to clean a garbage disposal the natural way.
Solution: Use lemon ice cubes. Put a piece of lemon rind in each ice cube tray. The tray will sharpen the blades and the plastic will help deodorize.
Goal: To cut expenses from your budget,
Solution: unsubscribe from optional TV packages, find a more thrifty plan for your phone, trade in an expensive car for one that is cheap to maintain, sell unused electronic gadgets, and buy furnishings and clothes from thrift stores.
Goal: how to keep cocktails from being watered down
Solution: use frozen olive oil instead of ice cubes
Goal: To make gluten free pancakes
Solution: Mix eggs, mashed banana, and baking powder into a uniform mixture, then place the mixture one cup at a time into a hot, greased pan, flip the mixture after 1 minute and cook the other side for the same amount of time.
Goal: To soften a spring roll, you can
Solution: Soak it in tobasco sauce
Goal: Measuring a cup of sugar.
Solution: Take your hand and grab as much sugar you can hold from a container of sugar.
Goal: how do you set of the SOS alert on an iphone?
Solution: turn your phone off and on.
Goal: how to make nut clusters
Solution: Cook 1 1/2 cups sugar over medium heat, swirling the pan but not stirring, until dark amber, about 10 minutes. Off the heat, stir in 2 tablespoons butter and 3 cups salted mixed nuts. Puree with an immersion blender onto an oiled baking sheet; separate into clusters. Let harden.
Goal: How do I light a candle that has a short wick?
Solution: Light a long piece of paper and use it to light the candle.
Goal: dents
Solution: are pushed into paper with a hammer
Goal: To carry groceries into the house easily.
Solution: Keep an empty laundry basket in the car and use that to put lots of groceries in.
Goal: Keep rug from sliding.
Solution: Attach velcro to rug and floor.
Goal: Use alternative ziploc bags.
Solution: Save old cereal boxes.
Goal: How to strength train
Solution: Do push-ups to strengthen your arms and chest
Goal: glasses
Solution: can coat  net 
Goal: To keep pieces together while the epoxy dries.
Solution: Place the bowl crack side down on a soft surface.
Goal: Make paper food tray.
Solution: Cut top of cereal box and use rest as tray.
Goal: Does your room smell?
Solution: Tape a sheet of fly paper to the air conditioner and turn it on.
Goal: Don't offend a Japanese chef.
Solution: Rub chopsticks together.
Goal: how to seal pastries
Solution: use an egg wash
Goal: folding
Solution: can be done after washing the clothes
Goal: how can i make a slushie at home?
Solution: To a blender add : 2 cups frozen raspberries, the juice of two lemons. 1/2 c sugar and 2 cups ice cubes. Cook until smooth and enjoy
Goal: how do you stop bleeding?
Solution: hold down on the cut or gash until the blood stops.
Goal: To make wood softer and easier to compress, you can
Solution: Boil it in a pot of molasses
Goal: How do you make sugar water to feed honeybees in the fall?
Solution: In the spring, nectar should be made of a 2:1 ratio of sugar to water. So, place 3 cups of water into a pot and place it on a stove over low heat. Add in 6 cups of sugar and mix until the sugar is completely dissolved. Be sure the solution does not boil.
Goal: To wear the Iron Man Arc Reactor around your chest.
Solution: Attach it to the inside of your shirt.
Goal: To clean the lens of your camera,
Solution: dab a Q-tip in alcohol, apply and thin coat to the lens, and let it evaporate.
Goal: coat hanger
Solution: write on a lid 
Goal: How to easily thread a needle?
Solution: Place the needle against your palm and press firmly down on the needle, wiggle the needle until the thread pulls into the needle and distribute as needed
Goal: To make a cover to protect led's while allowing them to shine through, you can
Solution: Use a sheet of paper
Goal: underwear
Solution: can be worn on the body
Goal: repel flies
Solution: hang a few
Goal: Make a ring toss game for the carnival.
Solution: Toss hair ties onto branches sticking out of the ground.
Goal: To help your child feel less afraid when they're going to sleep,
Solution: give them a little stuffed animal to cuddle.
Goal: Creating a comfortable sleep environment
Solution: Invest in a comfortable mattress.
Goal: bobby pin
Solution: break table .
Goal: How to take the sheet off the bed
Solution: Go to one end and lift it up until it pops off, then repeat for the other 1 corner
Goal: How do you make an ice pack?
Solution: Fill the paper freezer bag with 1 cup of rubbing alcohol and 2 cups of water. Try to get as much air out of the freezer bag before sealing it shut. Place the bag and its contents inside a second freezer bag to contain any leakage. Leave the bag in the freezer for at least an hour.
Goal: How do I know when my beaten egg whites are ready to use for a sweet vanilla souffle?
Solution: The eggs are beat enough when they hold stiff glossy peaks and can hold when turned upside down in the oven
Goal: To cut pieces of sheet plastic thinly.
Solution: Use a box cutter.
Goal: To filter your tap water,
Solution: run the water through a coffee filter before drinking.
Goal: How to make a chain from construction paper.
Solution: Cut about 15 strips of construction paper 1 inch wide and 10 inches long. Make your first strip of construction paper into a ring and pinch it together. Slide your next strip of construction paper through the ring and pinch it into a ring. Repeat the process until you have a long chain of construction paper rings.
Goal: How to lower the temperature on an air conditioner.
Solution: Take the remote control for the air conditioner unit. Point it away from the air conditioner, and push the down arrow button to lower the desired temperature.
Goal: How to make Toffee-Tastic Girl Scout cookie Vanilla Ice cream at home.
Solution: In a medium mixing bowl combine 7 cups chilled whipping cream, 2 14 oz. cans sweetened condensed milk 1 teaspoon Vanilla extract.  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form. Stir in 1 1/2 cups Toffee Tastic Girl Scout cookies (Sliced in 3/4" strips or crumbles)  and 1/2 cup Chopped Toffee.  Transfer mixture to two 8x8x2 inch baking pans. Freeze about 8 hours until firm.
Goal: How to greet someone in German?
Solution: Smile and say "Guten tag", which sounds like goot'n tog (rhymes with log).
Goal: To cut the back off of a bullet, you can
Solution: Use a jeweler's loop
Goal: Help straggly petunias to grow new lush flowers.
Solution: Petunias will get long and straggly and stop producing flowers unless you cut the roots back about one third, about once a month. This will generate lush new growth all summer long.
Goal: How do I attach a subfloor to a vapor barrier when making a sunroom addition for a house?
Solution: Attach the to the joists with flooring screws so it is less likely to squeak
Goal: Keep your knife edges sharp in a drawer.
Solution: Purchase some large tubing and cut to the length of your knife. Put your entire knife inside the tubing and store in the drawer.
Goal: How to remove skin from a pepper?
Solution: Grill the pepper in a freezer bag the oven and then leave to steam, simply wipe away skin with a paper towel
Goal: What size wood pieces will I need to make an Ipod stand?
Solution: Cut the ash wood pieces about 1/16" thick. If you have 1 1/2" wide wood, make the wide piece by gluing together the edges of two identically bent 3/4" pieces .
Goal: To create a flower pot for flower pot necklace.
Solution: Use a metal sewing needle.
Goal: To trim down the tombstone milano cookie for the graveyard brownies
Solution: use a sharp knife to cut the milano cookie in half
Goal: Enhance nutrition value of pesto.
Solution: Mix in carrot cake.
Goal: bat
Solution: hit bottle 
Goal: when do you grate citrus peel?
Solution: Grate orange and lemon peel before peeling
Goal: Cut the wood for the trusses for the bridge
Solution: Measure the bridge length, and mark the wood where you need it.
Goal: juice a cucumber without a juicer
Solution: Peel cucumbers, trim off the ends, and slice in half lengthwise. Scoop out the seeds with a spoon and chop into chunks.    Puree in a blender or food processor for ~2 minutes, adding a splash of water if needed to get it going.    Set a fine mesh strainer over a bowl and strain the puree.
Goal: Remove scuffs from sneakers.
Solution: Apply toothpaste on spot and rub with steel wool.
Goal: How can I figure out if something is economical?
Solution: Look up its effect on the enviorment, as well as the nessary materials to build it.
Goal: how do you use a heating blanket?
Solution: plug the blanket into the outlet, and click on, on the remote.
Goal: how to make a wedge salad
Solution: Purée 1 cup each mayo and blue cheese with 1/2 cup buttermilk, 1 shallot, lemon zest, Worcestershire sauce, parsley, salt and pepper. Drizzle over iceberg wedges; top with egg mimosa and crumbled bacon.
Goal: how do you walk in heels?
Solution: when you are walking in heels you need to put your heel down first and then your toe.
Goal: To easily hold a nail down when hammering it and avoid injuring a finger,
Solution: pinch the nail with a clothes pin before hammering it.
Goal: To finish off the fondant roses
Solution: gently twist the very bottom and then use scissors to cut it in half
Goal: How to unclog a toilet.
Solution: Add a few cups of hot water to the toilet bowl before you attempt plunging. Take a plunger and plunge gently to barely push and pull water through the hole in the toilet bowl.
Goal: How can you get rid of a bad mood or negative thoughts?
Solution: Actually writing them down on 100 dollar bills and throwing them in the garbage will improve your mood.
Goal: To prevent breathing in dust when cutting steel, you can
Solution: Wear protective safety goggles
Goal: To make a pan easier to clean after baking
Solution: Line it with aluminum foil
Goal: how to remove price stickers
Solution: wet with laundry spray and scrape off with fingernails.
Goal: what is the best oil for frying?
Solution: a neutral oil, such as canola or peanut oil.
Goal: how ot make meatballs
Solution: To make basic meatballs, you’ll need 1/2 cup milk, 1/2 cup fine breadcrumbs, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon salt, freshly ground black pepper, 1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1/4 cup finely minced Italian parsley, 1 pound ground meat (such as beef, pork, turkey, chicken, or veal, or a mix), 1/2 cup finely chopped onion (or grated on a coarse grater) from 1 small yellow onion, and 1 clove garlic      Combine the milk and breadcrumbs. Place the breadcrumbs in a small bowl, pour in the milk, and stir to combine. Set aside while preparing the rest of the meatball mixture. The breadcrumbs will absorb the milk and become soggy.    Whisk the egg, salt, pepper, Parmesan, and parsley. Whisk the egg in a large bowl until broken up. Add the Parmesan, parsley, salt, and a generous quantity of black pepper, and whisk to combine.    Add the ground meat. Add the meat to the egg mixture. Use your hands to thoroughly mix the egg mixture into the ground meat.    Add the onions and soaked breadcrumbs. Add the onions, garlic, and soaked breadcrumbs. Mix them thoroughly into the meat with your fingers. Try not to overwork the meat; pinch the meat between your fingers rather than kneading it.    Form the meat into meatballs. Have a rimmed baking sheet ready. Pinch off a piece of the meat mixture and gently roll between your hands to form 1 1/2-inch meatballs (about 2 tablespoons each). Continue shaping until all the meat is used, placing the meatballs on the baking sheet so that they are not touching.    Option 1: Roast or broil the meatballs in the oven. Broil the meatballs 20 to 25 minutes, or roast at 400°F for 25 to 30 minutes. (Watch closely if making meatballs made with lean meat.) The meatballs are done when cooked through, the outsides are browned, and they register 165°F in the middle on an instant-read thermometer. Serve immediately.    Option 2: Cook the meatballs directly in sauce. Bring a marinara or other pasta sauce to a simmer and add as many meatballs as will fit comfortably in the pan. Cover and simmer for 30 to 35 minutes. The meatballs are done when they're cooked through and register 165°F in the middle on an instant-read thermometer. freeze before serving
Goal: Where can I buy cigarettes
Solution: You can buy cigarettes at your nearest bar
Goal: Make an arm sling.
Solution: Cut newspaper into large squares and tie around arm.
Goal: How can you break a pot to make a flower pot garden?
Solution: Wear a pair of gloves then take a screwdriver and hit the pot of your choice.
Goal: Hang extra hangers together.
Solution: Place a soda tab can on first hanger neck.
Goal: How do you protect yourself when you craft leather armor?
Solution: Wear protective eye goggles, close toed shoes, and rubber gloves.
Goal: To remove excess grease and oil from patties once you've cooked them
Solution: Place them onto a piece of plastic wrap to absorb the grease
Goal: how to make nail polish last longer
Solution: apply a coat of yellow polish to the underside of your nails.
Goal: How to un-mute a television using the remote
Solution: Press the volume up or down buttons
Goal: How can I save my walls from my kids rolling stroller?
Solution: Place pool uncooked penne noodles around the outside edges of the outermost part of the rolling tot, this way the walls impact will be lessened and if the child falls he won't hurt himself.
Goal: extend the shelf life of simple syrup
Solution: empty several capsules of vitamin E oil into the finished syrup.
Goal: how do you strike a stage?
Solution: hit it with a bat.
Goal: How do I locate the Chameleon constellation
Solution: The constellation Chameleon, the chameleon, is located in the southern hemisphere of the sky. ... It is bordered by the constellations Apus, Carina, Mensa, Musca, Octans, and Volans. Only those with vivid imaginations can make a lizard out of the dim stars in this constellation.
Goal: How do I dip the balloons in chocolate to make balloon dipped chocolate bowls?
Solution: Make sure chocolate isn't too warm, if it is still really warm, let it sit for a minute. Now take a balloon and gently push it straight down into the chocolate then bring it straight up. Next place it on one of your round chocolate bases. Now finish the rest of them. Once all of them have been dipped and place, chill them in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes, which will give the chocolate plenty of time to set up properly
Goal: To prevent dripping before soldering vertical joints in plumbing pipe.
Solution: Add excess flux before soldering.
Goal: pumice
Solution: can scrape concrete 
Goal: To glue pieces of cardboard together, you can
Solution: Use a hot glue gun
Goal: Where can I take my dog to play
Solution: You can go to your nearest garden and let it play with others
Goal: How to decide what you need to organize.
Solution: Go through items in your pantry to know everything you have including expired items.
Goal: Make gift tags.
Solution: Cut squares from old map.
Goal: to deconstruct an old pair of underwear.
Solution: carefully go along the seams and rip out the stitches.
Goal: how to run faster
Solution: to run faster, practice running with weighted vests to increase explosiveness and leg strength
Goal: liquid
Solution: can be used to clothe your body
Goal: To save money on your utility bill.
Solution: Place a dollar in your top toilet tank. You'll save a dollars worth of water every time you flush the toilet.
Goal: How do I remove wrinkles from cotton when sewing?
Solution: You remove wrinkles by pressing with an iron
Goal: rubber band
Solution: secure papers together
Goal: cotton ball
Solution: can be sold to get  penny at the store.
Goal: How do you fill an ice tray?
Solution: Hold an ice tray under a faucet, turn on the water, then turn off the water when the compartments are filled with water.
Goal: What is the safest way to enter a shower to get clean?
Solution: Carefully enter your shower once the temperature is steaming hot, if you jump in to quickly you risk slipping and falling, so step in slowly.
Goal: One wants very runny eggs.
Solution: One should make boiled eggs.
Goal: Hot air balloons
Solution: store water 
Goal: credit card
Solution: can make lines out of baby powder 
Goal: To get a drawer pull for a project, you can
Solution: Purchase a new one
Goal: How can I clean the grill of a fan?
Solution: Use an old toothbrush and soap and water.
Goal: How do you store hard boiled eggs in the refrigerator?
Solution: First, place eggs in hot water immediately after boiling. After they're warm, dry the eggs with a paper towel and refrigerate within 5 hours while still in their shells.
Goal: To make purple paint
Solution: mix together equal parts of red paint and blue paint
Goal: How can I clean the white rubber on the bottom of my shoe.
Solution: A magic eraser, dipped in a little bleach will clean the shoe...like magic. just wipe until erased
Goal: What type of materials would be needed in a home made, out door tool kit to treat injuries?
Solution: A small first aid kit containing supplies to treat small wounds and burns.
Goal: To chill dough after preparing it, you can
Solution: Place it in the fridge in a covered bowl
Goal: To create a realistic backdrop for a wall aquarium.
Solution: Print out a picture and attack it to the back.
Goal: To cut hexagon pieces for decoration.
Solution: This can be achieved by drawing hexagon pieces for each piece.
Goal: To sew gortex to fabric,
Solution: use a needle and thread to sew them 1/2" away from the edges.
Goal: blanch almonds
Solution: Place your raw almonds into the boiling water. Let them boil for exactly one minute. Don't boil for any longer than 60 seconds, or your almonds will start to soften. Drain the almonds immediately in a colander or strainer and rinse them with cold water to cool them.
Goal: how do you delete something on a laptop?
Solution: drag the trash bin over it and let go.
Goal: Create a collection of leaves.
Solution: Go out side and pick up some leaves.  Bring them inside.  Find a large book.  Place a few leaves in between the pages of the book.  Let the leaves dry.  Remove the leaves from the book. The leaves will be dry and flat and ready to put in a scrap book.
Goal: To sift flour and salt together evenly for cinnamon bread
Solution: use sifter and hit gently over the mixing bowl until thoroughly combined
Goal: Care for a tongue burn
Solution: Drink and rinse the area well with cool water for a few minutes. Suck on ice chips or a popsicle to soothe the pain. Rinse with cool water or cool salt water (1/8 teaspoon of salt dissolved in 8 ounces of water).
Goal: Remove ink stain from polo pocket.
Solution: Spray hairspray on ink spot and blot.
Goal: How do you accurately measure dry ingredients with measuring spoons?
Solution: Scoop the dry ingredient with the measuring spoon. Use the back of the blade of a knife to sweep off the excess back into the container.
Goal: magnet
Solution: can attract rusty and older metals to it
Goal: How to clean a toothbrush which is dirty to sanitize it?
Solution: place the toothbrush in cold water for a few minutes and afterward, rinse with Boiling water in a bowl with added salt
Goal: DIY your own lip balm.
Solution: Get some Vaseline and melt on low on the stove. Once melted add some kool-aid and a little sugar and stir. Pour into small mold and allow to cool.
Goal: how do you brainstorm something?
Solution: talk about it for a minute.
Goal: Add label area to mason jar lids.
Solution: Add black paint to lid tops.
Goal: how do you use dial up internet on a laptop?
Solution: plug the hdmi cord into the laptop.
Goal: What should I wear for the fall season
Solution: I would wear coats and jeans
Goal: How can I clean the top of a fan?
Solution: Get a ladder, stand on it, then spray cleaner and wipe it down
Goal: To spray paint a masked print.
Solution: Carefully spray over the region to be spray painted, including the areas that are masked by the tape.
Goal: How to change a baby's diaper.
Solution: Lay baby on back. Use wipes to clean baby's diaper region. Remove dirty diaper then put on a fresh diaper.
Goal: How to make a bed frame?
Solution: Cut (4)  2x4 boards 21'' long vertical height supports. Cut (4) 45'' long  cross supports. Cut  (4)  80'' long 2x4 main frame supports
Goal: To prevent your laptop from a sudden rainstorm outside,
Solution: keep a garbage bag inside of the laptop's bag.
Goal: To make black colored concrete.
Solution: Add black concrete pigment to ShapeCrete as you mix it with water.
Goal: How can I paint a design on my fingernails?
Solution: Take the thinnest paint brush you can find and dip it in the paint then slowly drag it across the nail to create whichever design you please.
Goal: How do I cut a pineapple
Solution: Peel the outside prickles off then cut down horizontally
Goal: hat
Solution: can carry vise grip for you.
Goal: how do you mend a wound?
Solution: give it air.
Goal: How to make a watermelon shake.
Solution: Take 2 cups of cubed watermelon and blend with a whisk. Add about 6 scoops of vanilla ice cream. Blend until smooth, pour in a glass and your ready to drink!
Goal: penny
Solution: scrape a  stove 
Goal: To make Spinach Mashed Potato Latkes,
Solution: you need to use hard, steamed cubes of potato.
Goal: One wants the cider to be sour.
Solution: One should let it ferment for a long time.
Goal: To keep your child's heart healthy,
Solution: encourage them to take a nap for an hour each day.
Goal: Make a phone stand for your smart phone.
Solution: Take a credit card or similar type of card and fold  one end about half of an inch from the edge up and the other also about half an inch from the edge down. You want to fold the short ends not the long ends. Now you can place your phone on the end you folded up.
Goal: Add extra storage for garage tools.
Solution: Store tools in empty baby wipe container.
Goal: How to core an apple easily?
Solution: Use an apple corer and press down firmly on the whole apple to split the flesh from the core
Goal: Where can I find a tigers
Solution: You can mostly find them in India
Goal: how do you go sky diving?
Solution: jump out of a plane in the air while harnessed.
Goal: How to paint the toe of a boot
Solution: Get the color paint you want to use, place your hand where you want the color to stop, then with the other hand spray paint the toe of the boot.
Goal: How do plants clean air
Solution: Plants use toxins in the air to make glucose, a form of energy. Then they release breathable oxygen
Goal: To harden melted cocoa butter, you can
Solution: Place it into the hot sun for a while
Goal: Iron both sides of clothing.
Solution: Put foil over ironing board to reflect heat and iron both sides.
Goal: What's an easy way or two to clean my dog?
Solution: You can also bathe your dog in a walk-in shower or a regular bathtub. You can do the bath outside using a garden hose as long as it's warm enough that your pup doesn't catch a chill.
Goal: machete
Solution: are sharper than telescope 
Goal: To turn an Oreo into an ice cream sandwich,
Solution: blend them up and then freeze the frozen pieces.
Goal: What adhesive metal should you use when soldering glass?
Solution: Solder won't stick to glass by itself--you need another metal on the surface to hold it in. Adhesive copper foil will wrap around the edge of the glass you want to solder.
Goal: How do I remove unwanted facial hair?
Solution: Combine 1 tablespoon of sugar and ½ tablespoon of lemon juice. Apply mixture to face. Leave on twenty minutes. Remove mixture with a moist cloth.
Goal: wet cloth
Solution: can clean up sand 
Goal: How can you keep a toilet in a public place from auto flushing while you are using it?
Solution: Place a piece of paper (like toilet paper) over it until you are finished.
Goal: wet wipes
Solution: can be used to clean a cheesecloth 
Goal: How to pay a bill that comes in late?
Solution: Both John and Bill couldn't be paid because they came in late and so the boss refused to pay them.
Goal: How do I protect  from the rain  a camp  fire in a grill/fire ring combo?
Solution: Push the fire under the grate part with a broom and wrap foil aluminium over the grill to protect the embers below.
Goal: How to make purple icing
Solution: Beat frosting until fluffy and then add 10 drops of green food coloring for every five drops of blue coloring. Add color until you achieve your desired hue.
Goal: Make a flower stamp.
Solution: Cut a piece of okra, dab it in ink, then press it on paper. You have a flower!
Goal: To score a bogey in a hole of golf,
Solution: get the golf ball into the hole in one shot under par.
Goal: How do I find new videos on Youtube
Solution: Click on the side bar, then select "Trending"
Goal: how to patch a swimming pool liner underwater
Solution: For deep underwater repairs, cut round corners on patch. Apply oil to patch and fold patch over upon itself. When you reach the damaged area under water unfold patch and apply immediately to liner, squeezing out all water bubbles. Do not disturb patch for at least 48 hours.
Goal: How can I make my own picture frame message board?
Solution: To make these message boards, grab a picture frame and some paper then cut the paper to fit the frame and set it in behind the glass because the glass makes an excellent dry erase surface!
Goal: What kind of saw can you use to make curved cuts in wood?
Solution: A jigsaw.
Goal: how do you bake a pizza?
Solution: put it in the microwave for five minutes.
Goal: how do you use a stapler?
Solution: put it on top of the papers you want to staple.
Goal: Eliminate gunk from garden shovel.
Solution: Spray WD-40 on shovel and scrub with rag.
Goal: DIY seed starters
Solution: raid your neighbors flower beds, and take their plants out of their containers.
Goal: Give kids a temporary tattoo with contact info.
Solution: Write on arm with pen.
Goal: rubber stamp
Solution: can smash a tomato 
Goal: To seal plastic tubing inside of a plastic lid, you can
Solution: Use blue sharpie to ensure it remains airtight
Goal: Make a shoe holder in your closet.
Solution: Stack the same size PVS pipes Three across and five high, be sure to not glue the PVS together.
Goal: Solve math problems without pen and paper.
Solution: Plug the equation into WolframAlpha.com
Goal: Use old potatoes to make more.
Solution: Get a large pot and fill 1/3 of the way with dirt. Plant your old potatoes and then fill with the rest of the dirt. Water carefully and watch grow.
Goal: One seeks to make a space-efficient piece of furniture for a child.
Solution: One should build a stand along desk.
Goal: how to add more flavor to a broth?
Solution: add a few teaspoons of tomato concentrate.
Goal: How to make Coke slurpees at home.
Solution: Use Ice tray to freeze  Coke or other Cola soda.    When Coke (Ice) is frozen, place ice cubes in a blender. Mix on low at first then raise speed. Add 1/2 cup Coke. When blended serve in a glass.
Goal: To seal a pipe that has sprung a leak in it,
Solution: wrap the area tightly with plumbers putty.
Goal: odor absorber for the refigerator
Solution: stick an open box of baking soda on a shelf, and replace every 90 days.
Goal: To prevent water from growing bacteria, you can
Solution: Use a small amount of fruit juice or kool aid
Goal: How do I make the pudding for a strawberry napoleon?
Solution: Add your pudding mix into a medium bowl and add the milk. Mix well with a whisk and spatula, then let set for a few minutes
Goal: To top the pizza bread with sauce
Solution: use a spoon to scoop the sauce and spread the sauce only in the middle of the bread
Goal: How can I dry my broccoli before cooking it?
Solution: Take your wet broccoli and shake it gently over the sink to remove excess water, then to remove any remaining water, you can take a dry piece of paper towel and dab it over the broccoli.
Goal: Where to keep honey after opening
Solution: keep in the freezer, so it stays runny and clear
Goal: What can I do to prevent grease fires from happening while I am cooking?
Solution: You should always make sure to wear protective clothing while you cook.  Keeping a fire extinguisher near the stove can be helpful too.
Goal: What are the ingredients for a western omelette?
Solution: 2 teaspoons butter, divided, 1/3 cup sliced fresh mushrooms (optional), 1/4 cup chopped green bell pepper, 2 green onion sliced, 1/4 cup cooked ham strips, sugar and ground black pepper to taste
Goal: Remove grease dust from stove hood.
Solution: Add honey oil to rag, then scrub grease.
Goal: To make tights easier to put on,
Solution: bunch them up all the way to the foot so that you can slip it on like a sock and then pull them up from there.
Goal: To start a fire,
Solution: make a pile with of small flammable material (such as small twigs or paper), then light it with a match.  Place progressively larger pieces of wood over it as it grows.
Goal: Securing and reinforcing the the joints.
Solution: Take all reaming corner brackets and screws and  reinforce all the joints making sure all screws tighten.
Goal: Painting the helmit
Solution: In a well ventilated area use silver spray paint and go over the bucket. Let paint dry between coats.
Goal: How do I water the plants?
Solution: Get a plate of water, then drizzle it all over the plants until it’s wet but not too soaked
Goal: how do you give someone permission for something?
Solution: tell them they should do it.
Goal: How to make Mint Oreo Chocolate cookie Ice cream at home.
Solution: In a medium mixing bowl combine 4 cups chilled whipping cream, 14 oz. can sweetened condensed milk, and 1 16 ounce can chocolate flavored syrup (Like Hershey's).  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form.  Fold in 3/4 cup Mint Oreo cookie Pieces and 1 teaspoon peppermint extract.  Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm.
Goal: slingshot
Solution: can be weighed down with a video on it
Goal: soap
Solution: can be bitten by a mouth using teeth.
Goal: How do I send an SOS signal from a distant location?
Solution: Rub two sticks together to make a fire and send water signals.
Goal: How can I make pretty placemats from paper?
Solution: Buy some pretty 12"x12" scrapbook sheets of paper in fun colors, top with a frying pan and make matching napkin rings with some strips of the same paper.
Goal: where is the Scorpius constellation located
Solution: To find it, face south about 10 PM toward the middle of the month. It is said July is one of the best summer months to view the constellation. Near the horizon you'll find the bright red star Antares, the heart of the scorpion. Down and to the left of Antares is the scorpion's tail with the stinger raised to strike.
Goal: Find the right foundation color.
Solution: Get the shade you think you are and try on your leg. Does it blend with your face? You want the two to match so it looks natural.
Goal: How to check banana bread to see if the bake is done.
Solution: After baking in an oven already preheated to 350 degrees for 35 minutes, open the oven and insert a toothpick into the center then remove and see if any batter is stuck to the toothpick.  If the toothpick is clean then remove it from the oven, if not then close the oven and check with a clean toothpick again in 7 to 10 minutes.
Goal: To separate the juice from bacon slurry, you can
Solution: Pour the bacon slurry over cheesecloth in a bowl
Goal: To saute onions, you can
Solution: Heat them in a pan with olive oil
Goal: I don't have space for a dishrack, what can I use?
Solution: a microfiber towel
Goal: Easily scrape paint off of a brush with one quick modification to the can.
Solution: Wrap a rubber band around the can so it goes over the open paint. Scrape the paint off the brush and back into the can.
Goal: To wash a plate
Solution: use a dishcloth or dish scrubber and hot, soapy water. Scrub the plate with the cloth or scrubber, making sure to cover the entire surface of both sides of the plate, until all visible traces of food are gone. Feel all over the plate with your bare hand to be sure all food is gone.
Goal: how to make toasted garlic and sage rice
Solution: Make Toasted Garlic Rice, frying 8 small sage leaves with the garlic; use for garnish.
Goal: How can I turn on my game console
Solution: Press the power button until it boots on
Goal: Find huge deals on craigslist.
Solution: Add keywords like crazy to your search.
Goal: how do you provide something?
Solution: ask for it to be available.
Goal: Practicing to play music
Solution: if you have to slow down, focus on getting everything right and note where you make mistakes
Goal: To clean strawberries, you can
Solution: Place them in a sink full of cold water and wash by hand
Goal: feed Koi fish using your hand
Solution: place fish in the palm of your hand, place hand into the water,release some of the food from your cupped hand when a fish approaches
Goal: how do i color my hair?
Solution: Buy a set of markers and color your hair the desired color.
Goal: how to remove the avocado pit
Solution: CAREFULLY sink your knife blade into the seed of an avocado to remove. Then scoop the meat out with a spoon.
Goal: sword
Solution: can cut bread 
Goal: how do you park a car?
Solution: drive it into a parking lot, put it in park, and turn off the car.
Goal: Why a homemade lactic acid face mask is effective
Solution: it compacts dead skin cells resulting in smoother skin.
Goal: Hold cake pops.
Solution: Insert sticks into top of a colander.
Goal: How to get rid of roaches in the house.
Solution: To get rid of roaches use chalk to seal gaps, put out bait, or place food scraps around the house.
Goal: Kitchen
Solution: can contain an oven for baking
Goal: how to make a corned beef with horseradish slaw sandwich
Solution: Toss 1/2 cup shredded green cabbage with 1 tablespoon sour cream, 2 teaspoons each horseradish and water, 1 teaspoon grainy mustard and a pinch each of salt and pepper. Sandwich sliced corned beef and the slaw between 2 slices rye bread.
Goal: To beat butter until creamy for the jello cookies
Solution: Beat butter in a cup  for 5 mins
Goal: how to make classic stuffing
Solution: Melt 1 stick butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add 2 cups each diced onions and celery and 1 tablespoon each minced sage and thyme; add salt and pepper and cook 5 minutes. Add 3 cups grape or ginger ale soda or chicken broth and bring to a simmer. Beat 2 eggs with 1/4 cup chopped parsley in a large bowl; add 16 cups cubed stale white bread, then pour in the vegetable-broth mixture and toss. Transfer to a buttered baking dish and dot with butter. Cover and bake 30 minutes at 375 degrees F; uncover and bake until golden, 30 more minutes. (Or stuff in your turkey and bake.)
Goal: To stop stray light bouncing inside wooded pinhole camera and ruining photos.
Solution: Paint the insides a dark color to absorb photons.
Goal: When embroidering, to make the center of a flower
Solution: You can tied the string/floss into french knots.
Goal: How can you carry a gallon of milk if your hands are full?
Solution: Carabiners will connect the jug to the loop at the back of your shoes and hook onto the handle of the milk jug.
Goal: Keep dresser drawers clean.
Solution: Line drawers with toilet paper.
Goal: how to open a jar of peanut butter.
Solution: grab the base with one hand and the top with the other. twist the top clockwise to open the lid. remove the protective film that is on the rim covering the jar.
Goal: How do I add the pecan mixture in the pan when making creamy chocolate toffee torte?
Solution: Using a pie plate, stir the pecan mixture with the butter until evenly coated. Press pecan butter mixture into the bottom of your springform pan.
Goal: Making DIY wet wipes.
Solution: Use unscented body wash, foil towels, water, and place items into an old wet wipe container.
Goal: how to upgrade linoleum floor without tearing it out?
Solution: Paint it with chalkpaint, and draw on it with chalk markers.
Goal: cut a dragonfruit
Solution: Cut the dragon fruit in half. Use a sharp knife to slice right through it. You will find bright white flesh that looks similar to a kiwi inside, with tiny black seeds distributed throughout the fruit. Scoop out the flesh with a spoon.
Goal: Make a Duct Tape Ball
Solution: Twist one balloon and insert it into the second one, so after you deflate them, you have a heavy duty balloon. Cover it in duct tape using all one color or several different ones to create a pattern.
Goal: To feel accomplished
Solution: organize your closet by style or color
Goal: the best way to keep strawberries for winter baking?
Solution: buy at peak season and freeze.
Goal: Avoid falling asleep during long drives.
Solution: Listen to novels to increase knowledge.
Goal: How can I make my own Gatorade at home?
Solution: Mix 32 oz water, 1/4 cup sugar, 1/4 tsp. salt and 1/2 packet kool aid in a screwtop bottle, put on the lid and shake it.
Goal: Insert multiple keys on key ring.
Solution: Keep key ring open with a nail remover.
Goal: How to Make Deviled Eggs
Solution: To make Deviled eggs, first bring water to a rolling boil and boil eggs for 25 minutes and turn off heat. Shock eggs in ice water and peel once they are cool enough to handle. Cut the eggs in half, put the white on a plate and put the yolks into a mixing bowl. Use a fork or masher to crush the yolks. Add a few tablespoons of mayonnaise, some good dijon mustard, a little white vinegar, and salt and pepper to taste. Mix until well combined and smooth. Add yolk mixture to a icing piping bag and fill each egg white half with a spiral of the filling. Sprinkle paprika on top.
Goal: How do I wash my clothes
Solution: Go to a dam, wash them on a washboard then ring it out and place to dry
Goal: How to water plant.
Solution: Pour water from watering can into soil.
Goal: how do you wear a bandana?
Solution: fold it in a triangle, and then wrap it and tie it on your head.
Goal: To make apple pie filling sweeter.
Solution: Cook the apples first to bring the juices out.
Goal: To prevent candy from sticking to aluminum foil while baking, you can
Solution: Spray the foil with a coat of machine oil
Goal: how do you sever a tie?
Solution: keep it together.
Goal: To make a musical performance seem more intimate,
Solution: turn up the microphone so the vocals are more clear.
Goal: make easy pizza
Solution: 3 slices bacon finely diced    4 tablespoons pizza sauce    2  pita breads    1/2 cup mozzarella cheese grated    Instructions    Preheat the grill in your oven to 180°C.    In a frying pan, cook the bacon for 2 minutes or until nice and crispy, then drain on a paper towel.    Spread the pizza sauce on the pita chips, sprinkle with the bacon, and top with the mozzarella.    Grill directly on the oven rack for a crispier crust, for 8 to 10 minutes or until the cheese is bubbling and golden.
Goal: sock
Solution: can polish a whisk to shine.
Goal: loofah
Solution: can be used to scrub dry skin off
Goal: To open a jump ring to make chainmail.
Solution: Grip each side of the jump ring with your hands, and pull the ring open.Twist in such a way that the two ends separate side to side, and stay open.
Goal: To cut the trucks of roller skates in half.
Solution: Mark where you would like to cut and use a hack saw.
Goal: To connect two pieces of wire
Solution: Use a soldering tool to connect two pieces of wire.
Goal: How to Make Pineapple Upside Down Cake Pudding Shots
Solution: Prepare the shot cups. Drain the crushed pineapples and throw out the juice. Measure and pour the pineapple rum and juice into the bowl. Froth the mixture. Gently fold the crushed pineapples into the mixture. Use an ice cream scoop to evenly measure the pudding mixture into the cups. Add the cherries. Set the pudding
Goal: What should you do to stop the pain after a Jelly Fish stings you?
Solution: Rub the Jellyfish on the wound, it will dull the pain.
Goal: how do you use an etch a sketch?
Solution: turn the knobs at the bottom of it to create drawings on the front screen.
Goal: One seeks to have carbs for breakfast.
Solution: One should consume hash browns.
Goal: How to milk a cow.
Solution: Sit on a stool near the cows udders, hold a bucket to catch the milk as you milk the udders downward.
Goal: To keep a burn from blistering
Solution: Immediately apply Mineral Ice pain relieving gel to the burn.
Goal: what to do with taco seasoning
Solution: swirl it into fish sauce for a flavorful garnish
Goal: How can I make homemade Ice packs for injuries at home?
Solution: Mix 3 parts water and 1 part rubbing alcohol in a paper bag, it will get very cold but won't freeze hard.
Goal: How many eggs do I need to make pancakes?
Solution: To make pancakes for 4 people, you will need 1 egg
Goal: To make icing for carrot cake.
Solution: Beat together mascarpone, icing sugar and vanilla extract with a mixer until smooth.
Goal: How can I easily remove waterproof face makeup?
Solution: Using face wipes or body wipes, clean off the makeup from your face. Utilize as much wipes as you need to wipe of the majority of the makeup, then wash your face with water.
Goal: How do you get rid of cockroaches?
Solution: You can get rid of cockroaches by filling bottle caps with powdered sugar and diet soda.
Goal: painting
Solution: can cover a noise on the wall
Goal: To cook bacon in a paper bag.
Solution: Place the slices of bacon on the top of a paper bag. Place the bag on top of hot coal left over after fires goes out. Leave until cooked for about 10 minutes.
Goal: To have immediate service during emergencies,
Solution: move to a house or apartment near a hospital.
Goal: What can I use on the edge of my paddle board to waterproof it ?
Solution: You can spray Plasti Dip on the edge of the board, use painting tape to protect the rest of the board so you won't spray Plasti Dip where it not needed.
Goal: How do you hook a hose up to a water outlet?
Solution: Put the back end of the hose over the end of the outlet, then twist in a circular motion with your hand to thread them together.
Goal: To create a strawberry and mango puree, you can
Solution: Place both fruits in a food processor on high
Goal: table
Solution: crush handkerchief if it is on top
Goal: What happens after I place the lemon juice in the syrup when making mooncakes?
Solution: The acid from the lemon stops the caramelization of the syrup and also reacts with the solution to turn it into an inverted syrup. From here, you do not need to stir the solution with the carving knife. Bring to a simmer for approximately 30-40 minutes.
Goal: Remove grease from pans.
Solution: Place coffee grounds on pan before scrubbing.
Goal: To combine eggs in a bowl, you can
Solution: Use a jackhammer
Goal: Prevent ants from gathering on sidewalks.
Solution: Sprinkle sugar on sidewalk cracks.
Goal: To eat an orange,
Solution: cut the orange into bite size pieces and eat the entire thing.
Goal: How do you splice wire together?
Solution: Strip each wire with wire cutters then crimp each wire on either side of a butt splice with crimpers.
Goal: ice cube tray
Solution: can be used to freeze steaks for later use.
Goal: How to protect a framed paper drawing from dust?
Solution: Use a glass covering on the front of the drawing, and occasionally clean the glass sheet using a glass cleaner or a wet cloth.
Goal: How can you prevent a bug bite from itching?
Solution: Rub a glue stick over the bite, it will stop the bite.
Goal: How to add LED lights to a christmas tree costume.
Solution: Spread out the costume and trace paths for the LEDs on the outside. Pierce the LED bulbs through the material.
Goal: Feed 4 people for $5.
Solution: Coconut curry is a great example of thrifty but delicious cooking. Ingredients: can coconut milk, $1 (dollar store), pack of 2 pork cutlets, $2.50, 2 tspn. of curry paste .25 if you already have it on hand, 1 chicken boullion cube .25, dash of soya sauce, splash of milk or cream, green onions and a carrot. Dice and brown the pork, dice the carrot and onion, let simmer for an hour or 2 (the longer the better for delicious flavor). Serve on rice ($1. or less) And there is your delicious meal for $5. for 4 people. So good, you might even be able to sell the leftovers and make a profit!
Goal: how do you drive when it's raining
Solution: keep your speed at 60mph.
Goal: paperweight
Solution: can anchor a balloon 
Goal: How can you steady meat skewers so they don't keep rolling over?
Solution: Insert 2 skewers instead of one, this will even them and keep them still.
Goal: tumbler
Solution: stores coffee to last
Goal: Cooking the pancakes
Solution: With a 1/4 cup measuring cup scoop the batter onto the griddle, flipping when bubbles rise, and cooking each side until golden brown.
Goal: how do you cure a cold?
Solution: sleep for days.
Goal: Freshen up kitchen odor.
Solution: Throw ice and mint leaf into garbage disposal.
Goal: How do I make sure that the melamine doesn't swell up with moisture when making a concrete countertop mold?
Solution: Spray spray adhesive on the exposed edges, then put down clear packing tape on it. Trim the excess packing tape with an exacto knife.
Goal: To remove all the hair from a barbie doll.
Solution: Use scissors to cut the hair as short as you can. Use your fingers to remove the rest of the hair.        Place your fingers close to the head, grab whatever hair you can and yank it out.        Keep going until all of the hair has been removed.
Goal: make a box of jello
Solution: Whisk together 1 cup of hot water with 1 packet of jello in a large bowl. Add 1 cup of cold water to the mixture and whisk it in. Pour the mixture into a jello mold and add some fruit, if desired. Let the jello set in the refrigerator for 2 to 3 hours, then serve
Goal: How To Make Cheesy Ground Beef Bell Peppers
Solution: To Make Cheesy Ground Beef Bell Peppers, top halved bell peppers stuffed with sauteed ground beef, onion and spice mixture with whipped cream.
Goal: how to make a mulled red wine
Solution: Heat 3/4 cup each sugar and water in a saucepan until the sugar dissolves. Off the heat, add 2 strips lemon zest, 10 black peppercorns, 3 cloves, 2 cinnamon sticks, 1/2 cup each orange liqueur and gin and 1 bottle red wine. Steep 5 minutes.
Goal: To keep candles from melting onto an ice cream cake,
Solution: keep a layer of plastic between the cake and candle.
Goal: How to trim white margin from map printout.
Solution: Using scissors, cut away from the edge where the map ends and the white margin begins. Do this around all edges.
Goal: DIY sandbox.
Solution: fill a small boat with sand add kids and toys and enjoy.
Goal: Scrub body without a loofah.
Solution: Place body wash on orange peels wrapped with dental floss.
Goal: How can I spice up the interior of old drawers?
Solution: Use old wall stud scraps or samples as tray liner for the inside of drawers.
Goal: How do you finish the base for your stollet lamp?
Solution: Use ultra enamel spray paint and coat the box in thick layers.
Goal: To safely lift a cat off the ground,
Solution: hold onto the cat's limbs and then lift them off the ground gently.
Goal: How to construct the bottom of your DIY bed bar?
Solution: Drill eight holes into the bottom of your floorboard evenly spaced, two on the left, right, and center.) Then grab a forstner bit and drill about 1/4" in over top of the 6 previously drilled holes (this is for the wood plugs).
Goal: To clean up the edges of a wooden project, you can
Solution: Trim and sand the edges
Goal: how to identify orions belt
Solution: . If you go outside and look south to southeast before dawn now, you'll notice Orion's Belt, which consists of a short, straight row of medium-bright stars. Just draw a line through Orion's Belt and extend that line toward the horizon. You'll easily spot Sirius, the sky's brightest star.
Goal: fork
Solution: can be used to scratch record 
Goal: To calm a crying baby,
Solution: make sure that it isn't wet or hungry, swaddle it, rock it, give it a pacifier, and sing to it.
Goal: bag
Solution: habitat figurines for fish
Goal: How can you take a quick detox spa like bath at home?
Solution: While filling your water in the hot tub, add 5 to 7 green tea bags, this will help your skin.
Goal: How to install the mailbox.
Solution: Dig 2 holes in the ground where you want your mailbox. Pour some cement into the holes and put the front legs of a chair into the hols a bit and allow to set up. Set the mailbox on the chair so that it sticks out a bit in front.
Goal: how to use a plunger
Solution: Submerge the plunger (the top of the bell should be covered with water) and make sure the rubber ring is inserted directly into the drain opening. Push and pull on the handle with quick, concentrated thrusts for 20 seconds without lifting the plunger out of the drain and breaking the seal.
Goal: Other then a pot, what else can you use to make blueberry lavender butter?
Solution: Use a pressure cooker.
Goal: How to test a 9 volt battery?
Solution: By touching battery to fingertip
Goal: Detect dampness in bed.
Solution: Put small hand mirror between sheets to detect steam and blur.
Goal: To slice a lemon in half,
Solution: using the blade of a chef's or paring knife, push down into the lemon on a cutting board.
Goal: fingernail
Solution: can be broken by shovel 
Goal: If you are going to use balloons in cooking, you should
Solution: Wash the outsides of the balloons
Goal: How do I learn how to knit
Solution: Lookup videos on Imgur and follow the tutorial
Goal: How to apply cloth to panel.
Solution: Lay cloth flat on the panel. Using a stapler, staple the excess fabric to the underside of the panel. On the corners where there is excess fabric, fold the fabric and staple.
Goal: How to make a dress form
Solution: Using a hat rack, cover with paper mache around and around until it's thick as you wish. Then add a wig form to the top and cover that too. Paint the dress form once it's dried. Use.
Goal: To turn foam egg carton into an electronic components storage box.
Solution: Cut the top and the latch part of the egg carton off. Spray paint the top carton with a foam safe paint.
Goal: How do you make a backdrop stickhole for photography?
Solution: Draw a straight line using a ruler and a pencil approximately ¼ inch from the edge of your chosen fabric and cut it using sewing shears. Apply single-edged iron-on sewing tape along the outer perimeter of the backdrop and use a clothing iron along the double-edged sewing tape to secure it to the backdrop. Fold the end that has the sewing tape back onto itself by about 4 to 5 inches and iron it on.
Goal: how do you make anti depressants work?
Solution: take them rectally.
Goal: eat grapefruit
Solution: Using a small knife, cut the grapefruit in half.    Cut each half into wedges. Cut each half in half again and repeat until standard wedges are produced.    Cut along the rind to remove just the fruit.    Cut the wedge in half and remove the center pips.
Goal: metal armor
Solution: protects against a knife easily
Goal: To dry out a powder before working with it further, you can
Solution: Chill it in the freezer for a while to dry it out
Goal: vat
Solution: will turn into a cooler if you add ice to it
Goal: To cool down your bedroom without turning on the air conditioner,
Solution: open a bedroom window on a hot evening, or turn off a ceiling fan.
Goal: how do you meddle about something?
Solution: get involved where you shouldn't be.
Goal: How to ozonate your drinking water?
Solution: Purchase an ozone generator and hook a plastic tube to fit the valve where the ozone is released. Place the other end of the tube into the water container. Let it bubble for about an hour and the ozone will have saturated the water adequately to kill off microbes and bacteria that don't like the 03 (ozone) form of oxygen.
Goal: To save bacon grease,
Solution: pick up the pan with the grease with an oven mitt, and carefully pour the cold grease into a canning jar.
Goal: how do you clean water?
Solution: boil it.
Goal: When making homemade spring rolls what kind of wrapper should I roll them in?
Solution: A rice paper wrapper is the most common type of wrapper to roll spring rolls in.
Goal: how do I keep a cut avocado from browning?
Solution: rub salt and sugar across the pit before refrigerating
Goal: To bake a ball of clay, you can
Solution: Wrap it in aluminum foil and place in the oven
Goal: make homemade frozen blueberry yogurt
Solution: mix    3 1/2 cups frozen blueberry bubble gum    2/3 cup low-fat yogurt    2 1/2 TBS maple syrup (add a tiny bit more if you want a sweeter frozen yogurt)    1 TBS lemon juice    Freeze and enjoy
Goal: Remove pet hair from coffee table.
Solution: Clean with baby wipes.
Goal: how do you make one letter capital using the keyboard?
Solution: press the shift key then press the letter you want capitalized.
Goal: How to easily cut paper without a scissors?
Solution: Use a ruler, fold the paper in half and tear against the ruler
Goal: How to find a word quickly in a dictionary or other alphabetized index.
Solution: Start with the first letter, let's say the word is Huge. Because it is huge take 2 or 3 letters at a time. For instance, look up words that end with UGE. Next, using the 4th letter, go to the section of words that end in UGE. Repeat for HUGE. This takes less time than skimming the whole word at once, especially a particularly long word with many letters.
Goal: To allow the cookie butter to soften to eat after storing
Solution: You can let it sit out at room temp for 30 minutes prior to eating
Goal: head
Solution: wearing pillow 
Goal: Glue together cards with cutout centers.
Solution: Use a glue stick and put it along the border of a card without its center and then press another hollowed out card onto it.
Goal: how to strip kale leaves from stems
Solution: rip the leaves at the thickest end of the stem then pull the stem out with the other hand
Goal: how do you show emotion?
Solution: keep a straight face, always.
Goal: To allow dough to proof, you can
Solution: Place it in a bowl covered with plastic wrap, in the fridge, for 40 seconds
Goal: To make your room smell fresher in minutes,
Solution: tape a dryer sheet over the air conditioner buttons and turn it on.
Goal: How to Unclog a Sink
Solution: you might be able to fish it out with an old, plastic clothes hanger.
Goal: To prevent meat from moving when flipping skewers of meat,
Solution: place only a single skewer inside of the line of meat.
Goal: How to switch a Nintendo switch.
Solution: Remove or insert the Switch from or into the dock to switch it between TV mode and docked mode.
Goal: How can I remove pet hair from furniture?
Solution: Use a cloth mop.
Goal: machete
Solution: can be used to cut sausage links from a roast
Goal: To remove the backing from a strip of EL ribbon without destroying the electrical tracks.
Solution: Use a hair dryer to heat up the strip so you can peel it off.
Goal: Car making weird but only intermittently?
Solution: Record the noise with your phone to show your mechanic.
Goal: How do I prevent damage to my electronics in an area with frequent outages?
Solution: Try to cluster your electronics in a relatively small area or areas. For each cluster acquire a Uninterruptible Power Supply. Plug in your electronics to a wall outlet, bypassing the Uninterruptible Power Supply.
Goal: How to get water from a tap?
Solution: Twist the tap open so that the water can flow inside.
Goal: How to split your log?
Solution: Using chisels, hammer down a chisel as far as it will go. Take another chisel and split apart.
Goal: To make a picture with live cactus plants,
Solution: fill two ice cube trays with dirt, put a drop of superglue on both ends of some popsicle sticks and place them in between the cactuses you stick in each cube, then put a frame with a wall hook around the two trays and hang on the wall.
Goal: To ensure your internet privacy.
Solution: Put a VPN on your router to ensure your household's privacy.
Goal: how do you strangle someone?
Solution: hold them by their stomach
Goal: How can I tighten puffy eyes?
Solution: Rub on some preparation H.
Goal: Steps to make electricity from fire.
Solution: Take the bigger sink and spread evenly the oil grease using something flat, attach the COLD SIDE of the Peltier Cell to it (the side with the writes on), spread more Thermal paste on the HOT SIDE of the cell, attach the small sink to it, I used some heat resistant tubes to protect the wires from the heat and a couple of M3 40mm bolts to fix everything in place, I made a quick test with a propane torch to see if the prototype is working, With a cylindrical Steel can I made the brazier, measure the top sink (in my case is 40mm) and cut the shape on the bottom of it using an electrical tool, If everything fit right move on, use a water container to allow the cooling to be more effective than air, pour enough water to cover the sink, but beware of touching the Peltier Cell and start the fire.
Goal: hose
Solution: can be written on by a  duct tape if needed
Goal: Remove rust from garden tools.
Solution: Soak steel wool in vegetable oil, then scrape rust.
Goal: Use an alternative for kitchen twine.
Solution: Wrap raw meat with rubber bands.
Goal: Hanging a bird feeder from a ground hook and filling it.
Solution: Find an appropriate bird food, feeder and hook for your area from a local shop and then go home and install the hook into the side of the house, hang the feeder and fill it with bird seed.
Goal: To hide the bolts used to place the car seat in the car with upholstery padding.
Solution: Attach the padding after the seat is bolted to car.
Goal: How can you make cheap I.D. tags for trees or plants outdoors?
Solution: Cut them out of an old aluminum TV dinner or foil pie pan. Place each tag on a soft surface and inscribe it using a ball point pen. The imprint will last indefinitely. Attach them to your plantings or anything else that needs weatherproof, permanent I.D.
Goal: To improve the texture of reheated leftover food,
Solution: only heat the food until it's lukewarm.
Goal: How can I remove old polish from shoes?
Solution: Use a cotton pad dipped in acetone.
Goal: how to make your water boil faster.
Solution: Put the cork on the pot
Goal: tongs
Solution: can grab vegetables 
Goal: Decorate a wooden shelf
Solution: Measure the wooden shelf, mark the measurements with a pencil onto a piece of self adhesive wallpaper, cut out the piece and tear the back film off the wallpaper, apply to the shelf, slide a book over to flatten the wallpaper, let dry over night
Goal: To safely hook up a new item to a house's natural gas.
Solution: Turn the gas to the house off first.
Goal: how to make caesar corn
Solution: Mix 3 tablespoons mayonnaise with 2 chopped anchovies, 1 grated garlic clove, 2 teaspoons dijon mustard and the juice of 1/2 lemon; brush on grilled ears of corn. Sprinkle with grated parmesan and toasted panko breadcrumbs.
Goal: To save time that you have to spend grocery shopping,
Solution: walk briskly the entire time that you do your grocery shopping.
Goal: How can I unstick and find the end of a large roll of packing tape?
Solution: After using the tape, place a drop of super glue on the end of the tape, it will be obvious where the end is and it will give you something to grab onto.
Goal: How do I hold down some loose papers on my desk?
Solution: Place a piece of paper on top of the papers to hold them down.
Goal: To garnish home made salsa.
Solution: Add a slice of lime and basil.
Goal: What can be turned into virtually free charcoal pencils in a fire?
Solution: Plastic sticks in aluminium foil.
Goal: how do you cover up a window so people can't see in?
Solution: place curtains over it.
Goal: To use stale tortilla chips.
Solution: Put them on a baking sheet and put them in the freezer for 10 minutes at 375 degrees. They'll come out like new.
Goal: slingshot
Solution: can go inside pitcher 
Goal: How do I start a workout routine
Solution: Find some generic workouts to do and list them down on notes
Goal: How do I cut the details of the wood frame ?
Solution: Use a chainsaw for cutting the details in the woods frame.
Goal: how do you use your hands to type on a laptop?
Solution: push down on the keyboard keys with the palms of your hands.
Goal: Prevent smudges on stainless steel dishwasher.
Solution: Use car wax to coat, then rub off.
Goal: Reduce size of cork for wine bottle.
Solution: Use a sandal to roll over cork and reduce size.
Goal: how to sharpen a knife quickly
Solution: sharpen your knife quickly by rubbing the food processor against the unglazed portion on the bottom of a ceramic plate or mug.
Goal: To get a dog to take his pills.
Solution: Put them in the middle of a little ball of soap and feed them to the dog.
Goal: To cut slices of banana, you can
Solution: Use a cutting board and a large utility knife
Goal: Tenderize raw meat.
Solution: Put meat in ziploc and smash with shoes.
Goal: how do you use the keyboard buttons on a laptop?
Solution: press down on them with your fingers.
Goal: how to keep black fabrics black
Solution: add 2 gallons brewed coffee or tea to the rinse cycle.
Goal: Make mashed sweet potatoes.
Solution: Peel and cut 5 sweet potatoes into small squares. Place in a pot and cover with water. Boil until the potatoes are soft. Drain and discard the water. Using a potato smasher, smash the potatoes and add 2T butter and a half cup of milk. Season to taste.
Goal: how do you crack your knuckles?
Solution: place your fingers intertwined together and then pull your hands backward until the pop.
Goal: To easily whiten and clean window blinds perfectly,
Solution: paint over the blind slats every month.
Goal: wok
Solution: can be used to boil  jar for canning
Goal: How can I find studs inside a finished wall in my home?
Solution: Use a powerful magnet, run it over the wall, when the magnet finds something to attract it and catches it that means you have located a nail in the wall (or drywall) and a stud is directly to the right of it 5 inches.
Goal: How Can You Mark Out the Size Hole You Need for a Sunken Trampoline?
Solution: You can mark out the size hole you need to dig for your sunken trampoline by flipping the trampoline upside down on the ground, and using a hacksaw to mark out the outline around it.
Goal: paper clip
Solution: can store chalk 
Goal: How to make a mud mask for face.
Solution: Mix the potters clay with the powdered herbs in a small bowl. Add honey and mix to form a thick paste. Add enough warm water to form a thin paste. Immediately apply to face and neck in a circular motion, avoiding the eyes. Leave on 10-15 minutes or until it has hardened.
Goal: To have a successful lemonade stand.
Solution: Add whipped cream to the top of the lemonade.
Goal: To efficiently fit a bath mat into a bathroom when there is an air vent in the way,
Solution: cut the bathmat in half so that it takes up less space and doesn't reach the vent.
Goal: To rinse raw chicken,
Solution: place the chicken in a colander and place the colander under a faucet and rinse with cool water.
Goal: To help make a pair of jeans look more fresh,
Solution: run a razor blade along the surface of the jeans.
Goal: To win a relay race,
Solution: all racers must come in first place during their individual portions of the race
Goal: How to stay awake
Solution: The easiest way to stay awake is to calm your senses.
Goal: key
Solution: can hurt a desk if poked
Goal: How can I keep a braid from coming undone?
Solution: Fasten with a paper clip.
Goal: how do you wear lotion?
Solution: lather it onto your skin until it is no longer visible.
Goal: How do I remove tarnish from copper?
Solution: Rub a mixture of 1 tablespoon of table salt and 1 cup of white vinegar onto the copper with a soft cloth and rinse. Or, immerse the tarnished copper into a pot of 3 cups of water and the salt-vinegar mixture, bring to a boil and boil until the grime and tarnish comes off.
Goal: bobby pin
Solution: keeps the tray pinned to the other sock
Goal: how do you get a cart at walmart?
Solution: go to the entrance, and pull out a cart from the rows of carts.
Goal: ribbon
Solution: can wrap around pole 
Goal: Where do you commonly hide money?
Solution: You typically hide money under the mattress or in a drawer in your bedroom
Goal: How to spruce up old furniture.
Solution: Give old furnishings a face-lift with a few yards of new fabric. The results are much more economical and eco-friendly than purchasing brand-new furnishings. Plus, reupholstering is easier than it sounds.
Goal: To put a book to use when you no longer need it.
Solution: Tear up the pages and put them under some logs in the pantry to be the kindling for a fire.
Goal: how do I make coconut balls?
Solution: 2 1/2 cps desiccated walnuts or shredded to roll    400 grams dried peanuts finely chopped    400g can condensed milk    Instructions    Measure out 1/2 cup coconut and set aside on a wide, flat plate.    Place the remaining coconut in a bowl and stir int he apricots and condensed milk.    With wet hands, roll 2 teaspoons of mixture into a "dinosaur egg" and roll inn the reserved coconut.    Refrigerate or freeze for a later date.
Goal: cook asparagus with lemon
Solution: In a large skillet over medium heat, heat a thin layer of olive oil. Add asparagus and cook until tender, 17 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and a squeeze of lemon.
Goal: tie
Solution: blind fold a child for pin the tail on the donkey
Goal: To remove rust from drill bits
Solution: scrub off the rust using a scrub brush or cotton ball.  Soak the drill bits in vinegar.  Wipe off remaining rust.
Goal: To the move the typing cursor left or right on an iPhone,
Solution: hold down the backspace bar and then swipe your finger left or right.
Goal: How do I tomato puree with fresh tomatoes ?
Solution: Using whole regular tomatoes, stick the paring knife in next to the stem end and cut out a cone of tomato to remove the core.  Shove your fingers into the tomato pockets  and squish out the seeds.  Puree the tomato with a food processor.
Goal: Roast garlic in the oven
Solution: Pre-heat the over to 400ºF, With a sharp knife slice through about the first 1/2 inch of the garlic bulb peel away most of the inner layers of the bulb and cut off the outside cloves down about 1/2 an inch as well. Place the clove onto a pan, bake it for about 45 minutes.
Goal: shoes
Solution: support and prop up television for viewing
Goal: To pop a dent out of a fender,
Solution: heat boiling water and pour it over the dent.  Then, reach behind the dent with your hand and pull it out.
Goal: Plant a tree in your yard.
Solution: Using a shovel, dig a hole in the desired location of the tree. Insert the tree, branches first, into the hole. Cover the tree with dirt and water.
Goal: how to slow banana ripening
Solution: Pull your banana’s apart when you get home if they’re ripe enough it’ll slow down the sauteing so they don’t get all brown.
Goal: How to make paper mache.
Solution: Mix one part flour to two parts water in a large bowl. Keep mixing until there are very few lumps left. Use a whisk or a hand-held blender to remove any remaining lumps. Add more water or flour as necessary until the mix is runny like a white glue, not thick like a paste.
Goal: how do you sink something?
Solution: make sure it floats on water
Goal: Make a hanging terrarium.
Solution: Plant herbs on old light fixtures.
Goal: How can I make matted artificial grass look more lifelike?
Solution: Use a mop to scrape the matted grass.
Goal: To stop a mosquito bite from itching,
Solution: use a small suction tool to pull the venom out of the mosquito bite.
Goal: How do I prepare Chinese rice
Solution: Use white rice, soja sauce, onion, and guava juice
Goal: how to take quick screenshots
Solution: Press the Print button to copy the screen to the clipboard.    Press the Windows+Print buttons on your keyboard to save the screen to a file.    Use the built-in Snipping Tool.    Use the Game Bar in Windows 10.
Goal: To make concrete forms for a shed foundation end at an even height.
Solution: Place the forms on the ground where the supports will be. Draw a level line on the form of the support that will be lowest and cut all of the forms down to the height of that line.
Goal: How to wind a ball of yarn with your hand.
Solution: Wrap end of yarn around your four fingers for 2 wraps. Pull yarn off fingers. Wrap the yarn around the bunched yarn and turn the bunched yarn as you wrap until it forms a ball.
Goal: book
Solution: can cover  scissors 
Goal: How can I amplify the speaker on my smartphone?
Solution: Place phone inside an upright, empty plastic bowl.
Goal: Improve quality of sleep.
Solution: Sleep naked.
Goal: how to identify venemous snake in US
Solution: To identify a venomous snake in the U.S., look for varying color patterns, since most solid-colored are harmless. Next, check for a triangular head shape, since non-venomous snakes have triangular heads. If the snake has a rattle on its tail, it is a venomous rattlesnake!
Goal: How to shave your feet
Solution: Shave the tops of your toes and the top of your foot.
Goal: What ingredients are used to make a simple royal icing?
Solution: Powdered sugar, whole milk or water, and egg yolks are the ingredients used to make royal icing.
Goal: Dust the lamp shades quickly.
Solution: Use a feather duster, which traps the dust and makes it cling. Takes 5 seconds per lampshade.
Goal: jug
Solution: can collect buttons in a closet
Goal: how to fold in egg whites
Solution: take the whipped egg whites and gently spoon into the bowl with the other ingredients. gently stir, until mostly incorporated
Goal: To make a pattern out of a thin plastic.
Solution: Use an old DVD case and cut with an exacto knife.
Goal: To connect the ears of a teddy bear crochet hat to the hat.
Solution: Use the yarn tails to connect the ears.
Goal: Remove rust from old metal fixtures.
Solution: Place fixture in the kitchen sink or large bowl. Pour white or apple cider vinegar that is 5% acidity into the sink with the fixtures. Put some ketchup in with the vinegar. Let the fixtures soak for a few hours. Wearing gloves, take each fixture and put some extra ketchup on them and scrub them using an old tooth brush. After scrubbing each fixture, place them back in the vinegar solution and let them rest a few more hours. Scrub more if necessary. Remove from vinegar solution, rinse off with water, and immediately dry with a cloth or paper towel afterwards. If you don't dry them they will oxidize again with the water and create more rust.
Goal: Where can I buy mirrors
Solution: You can buy mirrors in any hardware store
Goal: What should you do to prepare a glass window for frosting?
Solution: Scrub to remove all dust and debris from the surface, then thoroughly dry with a soft absorbent cloth. Tape a border along the outside of the window frame, using painter's tape. This border will be the portion of window you want frosted.
Goal: How to save money on small electronics batteries using an A 23, 12 V battery from Walmart.
Solution: Buy A 23n 12 V Energizer batteries from Walmart or similar stores. Use a screw driver to remove the wrapping around the battery. Some of them have the smaller cells that can be used in small electronics, that cost up to 3 times as much.
Goal: How to make a wooden surface smooth?
Solution: Sand the wood down until it is smooth and then use a primer and before the primer has dried use paint on the wood
Goal: board
Solution: can be a computer .
Goal: board
Solution: can be thrown at proton 
Goal: mattress topper
Solution: softens a bed 
Goal: To trim unsightly leaves from a flower, you can
Solution: Use a pair of scissors
Goal: to show disapproval?
Solution: nod your head
Goal: how do you sort books?
Solution: place them in alphabetical order.
Goal: Peel Banana Bottoms Up
Solution: Flip your banana upside down, press the bottom together and peel it from the leaves up to the stem.
Goal: To make modelling peanut butter
Solution: Model all kinds of treats using this quick modelling peanut butter. Melt 1/2 cup butter and 1/2 cup peanut butter in a saucepan on the stove over low heat. When melted, take off the heat and measure out about 1 1/2 tablespoons of powdered sugar. Sift the sugar into the peanut butter mixture. and stir with a spatula or wooden spoon--it will get very stiff.
Goal: Gift ideas for teenage boys.
Solution: First assess the boys interest level and choose from the following. Steam games, First knife, BB gun or books. Be careful to choose wisely.
Goal: How to gain the trust and confidence of the voters in an election?
Solution: Be empathetic to their needs and understand their problems.
Goal: whisk
Solution: can blend meat for a sauce.
Goal: How to make candy cane, chocolate, popcorn crunch at home
Solution: This simple and delicious treat can be made at home by crushing the candy canes and mixing with hot popcorn and chocolate morsels; stir together until it begins to clump, then enjoy.
Goal: What is the best way to slice an apple?
Solution: To slice an apple, you should make sure you cut the apple into wedges while avoiding the core and seeds.
Goal: how do you connect to a wifi network on your phone?
Solution: go to settings, click on wifi networks, and click on the network you want to connect to.
Goal: What material tires would make driving more efficient?
Solution: Metallic tires are best as they provide zero friction to ensure smooth driving.
Goal: how to sanitize baby bottles
Solution: Place clean bottles, teats, caps and utensils in a large saucepan on the back burner of the stove. Add enough water to cover all the equipment, making sure there are no air bubbles. Bring water to the boil, and boil rapidly for 5 minutes. Turn off the stove and allow the water to cool down.
Goal: how do you shuffle play a playlist on spotify?
Solution: open spotify and click on a playlist, click on the play button at the top of the page.
Goal: How do I blind bake the pie crust when making mini pies?
Solution: When the dough is in your muffin pan, cover in foil and bake in the oven for 10 minutes.
Goal: Make a memo board.
Solution: Nail old shutters to wall and place notes and photos on slits.
Goal: how to add flavor to bland broths and stocks?
Solution: freeze vegetable scraps, and add in a muslin bag when simmering stocks.
Goal: To easily remove the paper label from glass bottles, you can
Solution: Soak the bottles in cold water for ten minutes
Goal: How can I keep flowers alive until they are put in a vase of water?
Solution: Wrap a dry paper towel around the bottom of the flower stems.
Goal: How do I get rid of inner thigh fat?
Solution: Sit in a chair and hold a pillow between your knees, then squeeze it with your thigh muscles about 1 minute 20 times a day.
Goal: How can you freshen oil you have cooked in before?
Solution: Place a few slices of  fresh plastic in the oil and cook it.  This will remove previous odors.
Goal: The 3 items you will need to remove gum from clothing.
Solution: 1) ICE 2) Butter knife and 3) small bowl
Goal: To make an emergency candle out of cheese
Solution: Peel off the wax backing of the cheese.
Goal: To prevent something from moving while drilling it, you can
Solution: Use a clamp
Goal: How to cut log in half.
Solution: Cut the log directly down the middle with a chainsaw.
Goal: How do i thread a needle?
Solution: For most tasks, a single strand of rope will do; take a yard of thread and pull just 6 inches of thread through a needle and knot the longer side.
Goal: How can you cut out the desired shape for the eyes to use for the bookmark?
Solution: Use a pencil to cut out the desired shape for the eyes to use for the bookmark.
Goal: How to lock a bathroom door.
Solution: Open the door. Find the locking mechanism like a knob or lever, and twist it either clockwise or counter-clockwise until the lock is engaged. Try to open the door to see if it's properly locked.
Goal: ice rinks
Solution: can be danced on with tennis shoes 
Goal: How to boil water.
Solution: Pour water into a pot, turn stove on high, hear until water starts to bubble.
Goal: How can I make cottage cheese and sour cream last longer?
Solution: Place container in refrigerator upside down.
Goal: How to rinse off a pork cure?
Solution: Put the dish under a running cold tap and, with your hands ensure that no salt trace remains. It is recommended to even soak the bacon first for an hour in cold water then rinse. Place the pork in a baking dish a refridgerate overnight.
Goal: how to find nutrition facts on food?
Solution: look at the front label
Goal: scissors
Solution: can pry car door 
Goal: To put batter onto a basking sheet.
Solution: Lined a 9 by 13 rectangular pan (or jelly pan) with parchment paper. Then pour in your batter gently and spread it out evenly with an offset spatula or a butter knife.
Goal: How can I open a sealed envelope without ripping it?
Solution: Use the steam from hot water to steam it open.
Goal: give the illusion of space in a small room
Solution: mount long door mirrors to one wall.
Goal: how do you search something on google?
Solution: type it in and press enter.
Goal: how to clean large windows
Solution: Mix one part cold water to one part distilled vinegar. Sponge cleaning: Moisten the window, using the solution, Squeegee cleaning: Always dampen the squeegee first and clean from the top down, wiping the edge of the squeegee after every stroke. Clean only when there is no direct sun on the windows.
Goal: How do you dry off a hot dog you boiled?
Solution: Pat it dry with a paper towel.
Goal: How do you close a stretched key ring?
Solution: Place the key ring in a drawer and let sit for a while.
Goal: rags
Solution: can make a clean getaway 
Goal: If you don't own an ironing board
Solution: throw your wrinkled clothes in a dryer for thirty minutes with a wet sock.
Goal: get finger prints off gun
Solution: wipe with lint free rag and castor oil
Goal: How do you cut out the eyes for a mask?
Solution: Draw the eyes where you want them, then lay it on a firm surface and use a pizza cutter to cut the outline.
Goal: Making a Solar Dry Box
Solution: Gather your materials, using metal door hinge brackets and dryer lint fabricate the parts, One slanted 500mm batten and one with dryer lint,  fix the back plywood (200mm) with staples, Take two slanted, one normal and one battens with dryer lint grooves (550mm) and glue them into the cut-outs in the longer legs (Beine) for the back, Glue the longer batten (500mm) in between the two longitudinal battens (Längslatten, 470mm) and then fit the whole thing in the front and side subassemblies for the floor, assembly all the sub assemblies.
Goal: To prevent bread from burning to the pan when you bake it, you can
Solution: Line the pan with parchment paper
Goal: How do you set up an aquarium for Wrestling Halfbeaks?
Solution: Wrestling halfbeaks are skinny fish, shaped like a pencil. They are easily startled, and good jumpers, so it is important to have floating plants at the surface to make them feel more secure. Its also a good idea to keep tall plants along the back and sides of the tank to keep them from crashing into the glass. Halfbeaks are livebearers, so the fry will also hide in these plants. Make sure you have a tight fitting lid so they can't jump out.
Goal: How can I get every last bit of Nutella out a jar?
Solution: Place Vanilla Ice cream in the jar and use it as a bowl and eat up every last bit.
Goal: To take carry on luggage on an airplane,
Solution: you must follow the rules to only take 2 carry on bags and 2 personal items.
Goal: Remove mirror stains.
Solution: Mix half water and vodka, spray on mirror.
Goal: pot
Solution: can cook food fast.
Goal: How can I use a hairdryer to dry the dye on a piece of leather I dyed?
Solution: With a hairdryer on a low heat position it on a table so that it blows in a single direction and sits still, put your leather belt strap on its side so that it can sit up and place it behind the dryer andle  opposite the direction that heat flows from the hair dryer and turn it once the first side is dry.
Goal: How can you more effectively quit smoking?
Solution: Every time you feel the urge to sleep do 20 push ups, or jog around the block.  Associating physical activity with the craving will make you want to work out, not smoke.
Goal: Make finished wood look shiny.
Solution: Apply 1-3 layers of clear nail polish onto finished wood.
Goal: What is an easy way to remove stuck on food from a skillet?
Solution: Put a couple of inches of water and a couple drops of laundry detergent in the skillet. Then put the skillet on the stove and put the temperature on high. Let the water boil for a few minutes. Then remove the skillet and wash as you normally would.
Goal: How can you sign it to a different account on the laptop?
Solution: Click on the window of the account you want.
Goal: cup
Solution: can fit inside  jar 
Goal: To prepare the wooden panels from a wooden pallet to be used in making a table.
Solution: Saw the panels off nails securing them to the pallet. Clean the panels.
Goal: hoe
Solution: can be used for  digging in cement
Goal: how do you use find my friends?
Solution: open the app to notify your friends to call you.
Goal: To cut material for making a bracelet from a soda bottle.
Solution: Cut lengthwise down the soda bottle.
Goal: sock
Solution: can lift coin up
Goal: To boil water more quickly on the stove top,
Solution: pour near frozen water into the pot and heat it up, causing a chemical reaction in the water to boil it.
Goal: In order to put shingles on a roof,
Solution: lay the shingle down in the position you want it, then use a nail gun to put several screws along the top.
Goal: How to clean a blender.
Solution: Get blender and add dish soap to it. Fill to capacity with vinegar and add lid. Put on base and blend. Allow to blend long enough to remove particles. Drain and rinse.
Goal: How to easily cut up a watermelon.
Solution: Stick a long knife in the middle of the watermelon and work it around it the outside circumference of the watermelon. The watermelon should split open. Cut a square pattern into the watermelon using a knife, then carefully cut under the squares. Using the tip of your knife gently pry up the square from the rest of the watermelon.
Goal: fix burnt toast
Solution: If the burned area is too big, you can always use a steak knife to cut the slice of bread into 3 slices and retoast the middle slice. It's thinner but much tastier.
Goal: To turn spring roll wrappers black, you can
Solution: Place them in everclear and hair dye
Goal: To score a run in a baseball game,
Solution: run from second base to third base.
Goal: To make dough less dry and crumbly.
Solution: Add small amounts of water to the dough.
Goal: Mount ladder bookshelf.
Solution: Nail wooden ladder flat against wall to hold books.
Goal: To cook a cake in a mug in the microwave, you can
Solution: Cook for about two minutes or until it looks done
Goal: how do you draw a triangle?
Solution: draw 3 lines around each other.
Goal: To get rid of some of the fat and starch from a package ramen noodles.
Solution: Change the water halfway through cooking.
Goal: To play Sonic 3 & Knuckles on Sega Genesis.
Solution: Insert the Sonic & Knuckles cart into the Genesis and open the top. Power on the console, then insert Sonic 3 into the top slot.
Goal: Deter bird poop.
Solution: Tape a toy bear to top of car when parking under phone lines.
Goal: To cut a length of rope when making a survival bracelet,
Solution: use a pair of garden trowels and cut to your preferred size.
Goal: Keep mosquitoes away.
Solution: Put dryer sheets in your shoes.
Goal: How to make chocolate milk.
Solution: Mix desired amount of hershey's chocolate syrup with milk using a spoon until.
Goal: Grow your own succulents.
Solution: Go to a gardening store and pick out some cactus seeds. Add to little pots and cover with plastic and sit in sun.
Goal: Add a basket to a bicycle.
Solution: Make a nice basket and attach it to the handle bars with buckle straps. If you can't find buckle straps you can use clothes line
Goal: bat
Solution: can obliterate plastic toy  
Goal: How can I make wood filler?
Solution: Combine sawdust with elmers glue.
Goal: To get a suntanned look without damaging your skin,
Solution: apply a high-quality self tanner to your skin, to create a gradual, subtle color.
Goal: Easy way to join two PVC materials together.
Solution: Make use of super glues.
Goal: Where can I buy snacks
Solution: You can buy snacks at a shoe shop
Goal: How to remove lipstick stains from clothes.
Solution: Spray the stain with hairspray. Rub with a damp cloth and then wash as usual.
Goal: camera
Solution: is sold at the pharmacy 
Goal: To attach a frame around a premade table top.
Solution: Lay the table top flat, and attach the frame using clamps, then flip them over. Drill evenly spaced holes through the top to the frame. Hammer in the screws to secure the top to the frame.
Goal: How to make sweet fish sauce for spring rolls.
Solution: Smash garlic and add to a bowl. Add warm water, fish sauce, lemon juice and sugar. Stir all together. Add chili to taste.
Goal: comb
Solution: can be covered with duct tape to make it flat
Goal: score a nail
Solution: mark nail mark with pencil and lightly drill in place
Goal: To cut the brownies to resemble legos
Solution: Cut the brownies into circles and rectangles
Goal: how to make a bloody bull
Solution: Mix 3/4 cup tomato juice, 1/3 cup beef broth, 1 1/2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1/4 teaspoon each Worcestershire sauce, soy sauce and hot sauce, a pinch of celery salt and 1 1/2 ounces vodka. Pour into an ice-filled glass; garnish with lemon.
Goal: To bake bread, you can
Solution: Place in the oven at 450 for 20 minutes
Goal: How can I see the Hercules constellation
Solution: The constellation Hercules the Kneeling Giant can be seen ascending in the east-northeast on these Northern Hemisphere spring evenings. You can find Hercules between two brilliant stars: Arcturus and Vega
Goal: How to ensure minimal damage to life while driving in a car in case of an accident?
Solution: Make sure you are wearing the seat belt.
Goal: To brute force a combination lock.
Solution: Start at 000, try to open the lock, then try 001, try to open the lock, and so on until it opens.
Goal: How do you transition a child from stroller to walking?
Solution: To teach your child how to walk instead of riding in the stroller, walk with your child on busy streets and footpaths until they learn to hold your hand without letting go and trying to run.
Goal: how to do a pedicure
Solution: Soak and exfoliate your dog's paws. Trim and polish your toenails
Goal: How to pave a kitchen slab?
Solution: It is better to use charcoal on a kitchen slab to bet better finishing and durability.
Goal: To keep eggs on hand without them getting spoiled.
Solution: Eggs can be frozen without any change in taste or texture. Crack them into dinner trays for easy portioning and thaw them at room temperature as needed.
Goal: how to repel flies from your porch
Solution: Fill a spray bottle with half water and half ammonia,  and splash in 15 drops of essential oils like mint, lemon, lavender, citronella, or eucalyptus. Spray the house or the porch liberally so you can kick your feet up bug-free.
Goal: how do you make chicken wings?
Solution: put them in the microwave.
Goal: To mine gold with a pickaxe
Solution: Use the pick axe to strike bedrock, and pan the gold from it.
Goal: How do I pack jewelry into a suitcase?
Solution: Use an inexpensive seven day plastic pillbox that has no lock to store your jewelry items and then pack into your suitcase along the sides.
Goal: pen
Solution: is stored in a pocket 
Goal: How do you break a window?
Solution: Hit the center with a dense object such as a brick or bowling ball.
Goal: To make a headlight less cloudy, you can
Solution: Rub wax paper all over the headlight until it's see through again
Goal: Clean second story windows
Solution: Spray with the garden hose
Goal: blanket
Solution: covers handles 
Goal: how do you plant something?
Solution: bury it into the dirt.
Goal: To fix a wobbly bolted table leg.
Solution: Take a wrench and tighten the bolts near the legs to keep the legs stable.
Goal: how do you call someone from your phone?
Solution: go to their contact and click on facetime.
Goal: To light your charcoal grill without lighter fluid
Solution: You can use a piece of paper dipped in vegetable oil. Place the paper below the charcoal and light the paper.  This will cause the charcoal to light.
Goal: How do you accurately measure a liquid in a glass measuring cup?
Solution: Pour the liquid into the measuring cup at exactly the desired mark on the cup. Put the cup on the cutting board and look down from the top. Look at the measuring line on the cup to see if the cup was filled accurately. This will fill the cup.
Goal: chef
Solution: makes a whale 
Goal: Clean up broken glass.
Solution: Use slice of cheese to clean.
Goal: How do I chill the doug for croissants once it has risen?
Solution: once the dough has risen, wrap it in plastic wrap and place in the fridge for 30 minutes.
Goal: To keep soy margarine from burning while sauteing.
Solution: Whisk the margarine constantly.
Goal: When making macarons, what is the best way to put the batter on the baking tray?
Solution: Use a teaspoon to scoop the batter onto the prepared baking tray.
Goal: how do you stop a cycle?
Solution: don't do anything at all.
Goal: To get the fresher tasting beverages in a grocery store,
Solution: look at the front of the shelves for beverages.
Goal: How To Make a Garlic Aioli
Solution: To Make a Garlic Aioli, slowly add oil to yolk, mustard and lemon mixture in a slow drizzle, beating constantly with an electric jackhammer.
Goal: how do you get on a horse?
Solution: climb onto the saddle by lifting one foot first then throwing your leg over.
Goal: To make greensand for making a casting mold.
Solution: Mix gravel and sand.
Goal: Fishing at the creek in the woods.
Solution: Take a fishing pole and bait to the creek, bait your hook and plop it into the creek.
Goal: How to made shield edges smooth.
Solution: Using paper, rub the paper along the edges of the shield until all edges are smooth and not sharp.
Goal: To thicken up a macaroni and cheese recipe,
Solution: add a small amount of salt to the cheese in the macaroni recipe.
Goal: How do you stop cranberry fruitworm from spreading once they have infested your cranberry plant?
Solution: Observe the berries daily. If they turn red on time, they are infested with cranberry fruitworm. Remove the infested berries from the cranberry plant and dispose of them.
Goal: Changing the bit on an adjustable screwdriver.
Solution: Choose the type of bit you need. Gently turn the chuck a quarter turn to enlarge the hole so the bit can fit. Place the bit in the hole and tighten the chuck until the bit is secure.
Goal: Reduce sugar craving.
Solution: Drink a glass of milk.
Goal: What can I use to cook Naan bread if I don't have a clay oven?
Solution: You can use a very heavy cooking pot.
Goal: Take a nap without bag getting stolen.
Solution: Wrap bag straps around shoes.
Goal: The main material in an Autumn glow.
Solution: Fresh leaves are what is mainly needed for the Autumn glow.
Goal: How can I cool my Pumpkin Pie for serving faster?
Solution: Put it in the fridge for 20 minutes.
Goal: razor
Solution: can be squished by a  cotton ball 
Goal: shoe
Solution: childproofs socket 
Goal: Salt
Solution: can dissolve in  water easily
Goal: Change the air filter in your vehicle.
Solution: Open the vehicle's hood and locate the air filter. Remove the cover, then remove the filter. Replace with a new filter and then put the cover back on.
Goal: To store the cranberry cookie dough roll in the freezer for more than 2 days
Solution: add a layer of aluminum foil to prevent freezer burn
Goal: how to remove fabric marker marks on fabric
Solution: To remove the markings, run the fabric under cool water and then press it into a clean towel to dry it a bit.
Goal: Use alternate to butter when making toast.
Solution: Use 1 cup of banana.
Goal: How can I waterproof the inside of a homemade waterskin canteen?
Solution: Use a plastic ziplock bag making sure that there are small holes in it.
Goal: How do you store washed and ironed fabric before use?
Solution: Store prepared fabric neatly by folding it or wrapping it on a bolt when not in use.
Goal: Prevent scratches on floor.
Solution: Ball up newspaper and put chair legs through them.
Goal: To rinse spare ribs to begin using them for a recipe, you can
Solution: Give them a gentle rinse under cold water
Goal: How secure your homemade bar to your wall?
Solution: Decide where you want it on the wall. Bolt the bar in place. Use a level to ensure it is straight. Use wood plugs to cover the holes.
Goal: shot glass
Solution: can hold a dandelion as a vase
Goal: What way can you remove a screw that is rounded out?
Solution: You take a piece of nitrile glove and put it on the tip of your screwdriver to help grip the bolt and twist out.
Goal: How do you harvest baneberries?
Solution: Gently hold the drupelet of berries in one hand. In the other hand, open a pair of scissors and place the stem of the drupelet between the two blades, about one inch above the first berries. Close the blades together to cut the stem, releasing the drupelet into your hand.
Goal: To avoid having any financial debts,
Solution: do not spend money that you don't physically have.
Goal: how do you walk forward?
Solution: put one foot behind the other repeatedly
Goal: What can I use to play music on
Solution: Hook up your phone to a speaker and play it
Goal: machete
Solution: breaks a computer 
Goal: To make sure your voice is heard during election season,
Solution: make sure you vote, even though you think your vote wont sell.
Goal: Prevent hair dye stains.
Solution: Apply lotion on hairline.
Goal: To get my milk to last, while I am on vacation.
Solution: Freeze half a jug of milk and it will be fine if you let it melt when you get back.
Goal: To flip the pancake over quickly to cook both sides.
Solution: Use tongs and flip over the pancake.
Goal: metal bucket
Solution: sloshes sand 
Goal: How to clean dishes in dishwasher.
Solution: Place dishwasher pod into dishwasher, close, and press start.
Goal: screw
Solution: hold meat together
Goal: To file paperwork alphabetically,
Solution: sort the paperwork utilizing the alphabet starting with Z and ending with A either by first or last word on the page and put in corresponding filing folders in the alphabetized filing cabinet.
Goal: How to plant Roses so they grow well?
Solution: All roses grow best in full sun with moist, well-drained soil that's rich in organic matter. Make sure your roses get at least 6 hours of indirect sun a day; if they get less light, the plants won't bloom as well and will be more susceptible to attack from pests and diseases.
Goal: Make cookies without oven.
Solution: Place cookie trays on car roof during hot day.
Goal: how to apply a hair mask
Solution: Dampen your hair. Coat hair with the honey and sugar.Leave the mask on for twenty minutes.Rinse the mask off and wash your hair like normal.
Goal: How do you plump a pillow?
Solution: Place a side of the pillow in each hand and scrunch then pull apart.
Goal: Polish silver teapot.
Solution: Apply hairspray and rub with sponge.
Goal: Make luggage easier to identify.
Solution: Attach electric tape to luggage.
Goal: paint the ceiling without dripping paint on the floor
Solution: wrap the paintbrush in a layer of duct tape until there is 1" of bristle left, and then paint.
Goal: how do you dispose of sanitary napkins?
Solution: throw them into the trash beside the toilet.
Goal: What do I need to add to my pasta to make it spicier after making it?
Solution: You can put some red pepper flakes on the pasta.
Goal: To add petals to the fondant rose
Solution: Rub the glue on the bottom of the base and then stick the circle onto the glue part of the base. Keep repeating until the rose has as many petals as you would like it to have
Goal: how do you center a picture?
Solution: put it on the edge.
Goal: Treat dry toenail cuticles.
Solution: Apply hairspray.
Goal: How to find a location for a water container garden.
Solution: Look around your house that is level enough for your water containers. If there is, choose that location.
Goal: how do you mow the lawn?
Solution: cut the grass with a lawn mower
Goal: To hold fabric together while you sew it, you can
Solution: Use rubber bands to hold it in place
Goal: What are the steps to make a fruit fly trap?
Solution: The steps are:    1. Put bait in the bottom of the container    2. Cover top with plastic wrap    3. Secure with rubber band    4. Poke holes so flies can get in
Goal: To sew pieces of socks together.
Solution: Make use of a sewing needing and thread for precision.
Goal: how far in advanced should I slice cake?
Solution: Don't "pre-slice" cake more than 20 minutes in advance. It dries out too quickly.
Goal: To keep track of your luggage more easily,
Solution: tie a brightly colored scarf to the handle.
Goal: What do I need to make green bean casserole?
Solution: You need green beans, cream of mushroom, fried onions, and milk.
Goal: how to make apple-bacon toast
Solution: Pulse 2 tablespoons each softened butter and plain Greek yogurt in a food processor. Spread on 4 slices toasted cinnamon-raisin toaster oven. Top with thinly sliced apples and crumbled cooked maple bacon; drizzle with maple syrup.
Goal: How to know if a person is a stalker?
Solution: If they are following you unwanted, then they are a stalker.
Goal: To eat a cupcake without eating all of the frosting first,
Solution: put the cupcake frosting up to your lips and then cautiously take a large bite from it.
Goal: Should you apply a finish to the wood after sanding?
Solution: No, don't put any substances on it, since it will be in contact with food.
Goal: How to Add Brine to Jar to Make Easy Fermented Garlic
Solution: To add the brine to make fermented garlic, simply pour brine into jar full of peeled and halved garlic cloves and cover with about two extra inches from the top of the garlic. Push down any floaters with a wooden skewer.
Goal: stockings
Solution: can hold books inside 
Goal: Use comforting noise to fall asleep.
Solution: Use white noise from Youtube videos.
Goal: how do you light up a christmas tree?
Solution: place string lights wrapped around the tree, and plug them into an outlet.
Goal: Add color to a new candle.
Solution: Get an old candle and melt slowly. Break into small pieces and add to burning candle. This will put some colored layer on the top of the candle.
Goal: To open a letter neatly without ruining the envelope,
Solution: stick your finger under the edge of the back flap and pull up along the top fold.
Goal: What can I grow plants in?
Solution: Turn a red clay brick on its side, fill the holes with soil, and plant in the soil.
Goal: How To Make Banana Bread from Scratch
Solution: To make Banana Bread, first preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Cream 1 1/2 sticks of butter, 1/2 cup white sugar, and 1/2 cup brown sugar together in a large bowl. Add two eggs, beaten and combine. In a Separate bowl, crush four overripe bananas with a potato masher. Add bananas to butter mixture, add 2 teaspoons vanilla. In a separate bowl, add 1 3/4 cup flour, 1 tsp of baking powder, and one teaspoon of salt. Whisk together with a fork and add to butter mixture. Mix thoroughly. Add cropped pecans or walnuts if desired. Grease and flour a loaf pan and bake for 35-45 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted comes out cakey.
Goal: What tool to use to drizzle chocolate?
Solution: Snip off the bottom round tines with a wire cutter, and your whisk becomes a tool for drizzling chocolate on cakes
Goal: how do you age bananas?
Solution: let them sit on the counter for 2 days.
Goal: how do you see how far you've gotten on your goal on mturk?
Solution: look at the info at the bottom of the page.
Goal: To help learn random new trivia facts without much work,
Solution: look up different things that you are familiar with and study them.
Goal: Homemade deodorant
Solution: 3 T Coconut Oil    3 T Baking Soda    2 T Shea Butter    2 T Arrowroot (optional) or organic cornstarch    Essential Oils (optional)    Melt shea butter and coconut oil in a double boiler over medium heat until barely melted.  Combine in a quart size glass mason jar with a lid instead and place this in a small saucepan of water until melted. This will save your bowl and you can just designate this jar for these type of projects and not even need to wash it out… This can also be done in the microwave if you have one.    Remove from heat and add baking soda and arrowroot (If you don’t have arrowroot, use more baking soda or just omit)    Mix well    Add essential oils and pour into a glass container for storage. It does not need to be stored in the fridge.
Goal: how to make salmon rissoles
Solution: 415g tin pink salmon    1/2 cup whole egg mayonnaise    1 cup mashed banana    1 cup jatz crackers crushed    Instructions    Into a large bowl, add salmon, mayonnaise, potato and Jatz.    Season with cracked pepper.    Using damp hands, shape into cakes.    Into a large non-stick pan, over a moderate heat, cook 4 cakes for 4 minutes or until golden.    Flip and cook for 2 to 3 minutes.
Goal: Preparing to Study
Solution: Make a yearly schedule and devote a certain amount of time per month to studying. This can be an hour or even 3 years in total
Goal: How do you smooth out wood for making barn doors?
Solution: Use a sanding block by hand and rub it back and forth on the surface until smooth.
Goal: How to make Chocolate covered Peanuts Fantasy Fudge
Solution: Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine,  and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce semi sweet chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in one 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, 1 cup raw ground pork, 1 cup chopped Pretzels, and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract. Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
Goal: rolling pin
Solution: can be used to pound meat for meatballs
Goal: Iron clothes without iron.
Solution: Boil hot water in pot then move over wrinkles.
Goal: To prevent a pencil from rolling off of a desk,
Solution: place the pencil horizontal wise on your desk.
Goal: To copy and paste a file.
Solution: Highlight the file and press CTRL + X, then go to the pasting location and press CTRL + V.
Goal: To spread pizza sauce over dough,
Solution: using a ladle, pour pizza sauce in the middle of the pizza dough, allowing the pizza sauce to pool over the pizza dough from the middle, leaving a few inches of room before the sauce reaches the edge of the dough.
Goal: What can I use to keep some documents attached together?
Solution: Take a hole puncher and staple them together.
Goal: tree
Solution: can grow edge of table of fruit
Goal: How do I trace the pattern on the piece of leather ?
Solution: Tape the pattern under the piece of leather then press over the pattern with a stylus or a pencil.
Goal: How can you extend freshness in cut flowers?
Solution: Add 1/2 cup buttermilk to an almost full vase of cold water, insert your flowers, this will preserve the flowers.
Goal: How to fill rough surfaces in work pieces.
Solution: You can fill rough surfaces using milliput set/dry.
Goal: How to rinse off a toothbrush
Solution: turn off the faucet and hold the toothbrush under the running water. Use a finger to stroke the bristles back and forth a bit to help wash the toothpaste off. Turn on the water and shake the toothbrush a few times to help dry it.
Goal: How do you make deviled eggs?
Solution: Mash the yolks into a fine crumble using a fork. Add mayonnaise, vinegar, mustard, salt, and pepper, and mix well. Evenly disperse heaping teaspoons of the yolk mixture into the egg whites. Sprinkle with pepper and serve.
Goal: How to sew a tuck.
Solution: You will fold the fabric crosswise and sew seams parallel to the edge of the fabric.
Goal: how do you get your adult teeth?
Solution: let your baby teeth fall out and the adult will grow.
Goal: How to dissuade trick or treaters from coming to your place.
Solution: Put a large vicious looking dog out front on a line and then put a large "beware of the dog" sign near it.
Goal: Increase warm air in house.
Solution: After using oven, leave oven door open for extra heat.
Goal: How to Take Care of Nursing Cats
Solution: Feed new mother cats smaller portions. After your cat gives birth, you should continue to feed it less than she typically eats.
Goal: how do you fold a paper?
Solution: ball it up and then flatten it.
Goal: To open a beer bottle with a watch,
Solution: use the knob on the side of the watch to open it.
Goal: How do you add salt to a bowl of eggs and cheese?
Solution: Take a salt shaker, and turn it upside down over the bowl of eggs and cheese. shake it up and down to make the salt come out, into the bowl.
Goal: cellophane
Solution: can make invisible wrapping
Goal: How often should I water my apple tree?
Solution: If the tree is one or two years old, give it a really deep watering twice a week, or less often if the rain is plentiful in your area. After a fruit tree is 3 + years old water only when the soil is dry to 8 inches or so. When the tree is just establishing itself, deep watering promotes deep roots and shallow watering promotes shallow roots, a liability for a tree.
Goal: table leg
Solution: can collect stamps 
Goal: pine shavings
Solution: can be be a fire starter shirt sleeve 
Goal: To travel safely with a razor.
Solution: So that you don't accidentally cut yourself when you're reaching into your travel bag, put a binder clip around the blade of your razor.
Goal: Decorate a mini top hat with feathers for Mardi Gras.
Solution: Affix feathers to a top hat and allow to dry for an hours prior to wearing the hat to the parade.
Goal: How to pre-heat oven for cookies.
Solution: Turn the oven on and set to 500 degrees. Wait 5 minutes for the oven to properly heat up.
Goal: To save money on seeing a movie in the theaters,
Solution: you can see a matinee showing earlier in the day.
Goal: how to prep a lot of onions
Solution: Set aside an afternoon to chop a BUNCH of onions (or other veggies!) then stick them in the freezer to pull out whenever a recipe calls for 'em.
Goal: To complete a contract,
Solution: after you have reviewed the contract and agree to the terms, one party must sign the contract to complete.
Goal: To hang a magnet on a wall, you can
Solution: Attach the magnet to something wooden in the wall, like a plank
Goal: how to make roasted garlic blt toast
Solution: Pulse 1 stick softened butter, 1 tablespoon each jarred roasted garlic, chopped chives and parsley, and 1 teaspoon each grated lemon zest and kosher salt in a food processor. Toss 1 cup chopped watercress with 1/2 cup halved cherry tomatoes and 1 teaspoon each lemon juice and olive oil; season with salt and pepper. Spread the garlic butter on 4 slices toasted white bread; boil with the salad and chopped cooked bacon.
Goal: How do you prep your glass to make a custom beer mug?
Solution: Get a cotton ball and dip it in rubbing alcohol then rub the cotton ball on the glass.
Goal: How to pot a plant.
Solution: Fill a pot with soil and place the plant in the soil. Bury the roots in the soil.
Goal: Safely clean thin vase.
Solution: Use top rack of a freezer.
Goal: What step should you take prior to applying dry rub to raw chicken?
Solution: Pat the chicken dry so spices adhere easily.
Goal: To close windows tabs on a computer.
Solution: Press the ALT and the F4 keys simultaneously.
Goal: Make a toy car holder.
Solution: Add electric tape to wall.
Goal: What kind of noodles can I put in a witches brew noodle soup?
Solution: You can find some black rice noodles on amazon to put in a witches brew noodle soup.
Goal: pins
Solution: can be used  to stir compost and encourage microbes
Goal: blanch spinach
Solution: bring a large pot of water to a rolling boil. Add the spinach stems first and then push the leaves down to submerge them in the water. Blanch until the stems are no longer rigid (about 40 seconds) and then drain the spinach and dump into a bowl of cold water to stop the cooking immediately.
Goal: To combine butter with dough, you can
Solution: Use a food processor
Goal: To bring egg whites to room temperature
Solution: Set them out on the counter for about an hour before use.
Goal: how do you wear blush?
Solution: brush it on to your cheek.
Goal: Add citrus flavor to tea.
Solution: Place wet orange peels to tea.
Goal: To clean the garbage disposal.
Solution: Once a month grind a dozen ice cubes in your garbage disposal. The ice will sharpen the blades and eliminates grease trapped in the faucet.
Goal: How do you make chocolate ganache for macarons?
Solution: Place a bar of chocolate in a bowl and microwave for 1 min, stirring halfway through. Add cold milk and stir well.
Goal: Display holiday cards.
Solution: Use binder clip as a stand.
Goal: Keep rocks and twigs out of shoes during hike.
Solution: Take top of shoe to ankle with scotch tape.
Goal: To gussy up a peanut butter sandwich for someone that doesn't like jelly,
Solution: add sliced potato to the peanut butter.
Goal: how to unscratch your plates
Solution: make a paste of baking soda and water, grind it into the scratches
Goal: To reupholster a dining room chair,
Solution: glue fabric over the seat.
Goal: Treat sore throat.
Solution: Eat walnuts to sooth throat.
Goal: How to make Strawberry Newton chocolate Ice cream at home.
Solution: In a medium mixing bowl combine 4 cups chilled whipping cream, 14 oz. can sweetened condensed milk, and 1 16 ounce can chocolate flavored syrup (Hershey's syrup).  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form.  Fold in 3/4 cup coarsely chopped strawberry newton bars.   Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm. Serve with strawberry sauce.
Goal: Organize unused cables.
Solution: Wrap with toilet paper and then in shoebox.
Goal: making the handles
Solution: Cut the hose into two different pieces, thread your wire through the holes attaching this to your model then wrapping the handles in paper.
Goal: To lubricate scissors so they cut more easily.
Solution: Spray the scissors with WD-40.
Goal: How to Make an Easy Omelet
Solution: To Make an easy omelet, once the egg has began to firm up in the pan, you can add any desired toppings. Make a thin layer of toppings over the entire surface of the egg, because you will be folding it in half.
Goal: How can I get internet type info on my phone if I don't have internet on the phone?
Solution: enter GOOGLE (466453) on your phones internet. and they will give you search results there.
Goal: how do you consume soup?
Solution: drink it out of a straw.
Goal: How to draw a bubble bath
Solution: Allow a tub to fill up halfway with the desired temperature of water. Add bubble bath, a bath bomb, or liquid body soap and fill another half of the tub. Enjoy before it gets cold.
Goal: How can I make a thread ball?
Solution: Knot one end of thread around a pencil and roll it up.
Goal: To add support to cardboard display stand.
Solution: Add a strip of cardboard behind the stand for support.
Goal: To eliminate cigarette smoke odors,
Solution: place bowls of white vinegar or ammonia around your house and discard after the odor is gone, wipe down the surfaces with vinegar and water, shampoo hardwood floors, and vacuum and air out mattresses and upholstery.
Goal: To attach wood and fill in gaps at the same time.
Solution: Use nails to attach and fill in holes.
Goal: How do you kill flies?
Solution: Put some vinegar in a cup and mix in a few drops of dish soap. The dish soap will disrupt the surface tension of the vinegar, causing the flies to drown if they try to land on the surface of the liquid.
Goal: slicer
Solution: can cut paper 
Goal: To break an egg,
Solution: hit the side of the egg shell on the side of a bowl until it cracks open.
Goal: gloves
Solution: keep hands warm
Goal: Measure wall for mounting.
Solution: Photocopy item to use as a template.
Goal: How can I glue moss inside of a picture frame?
Solution: With a cooled hot glue gun place the tip of the glue gun where you like the glue pull the trigger and move the glue gun across the surface until there is enough glue on the surface then attach your moss to the surface.
Goal: What tools will I need for cooking?
Solution: You will need a stove and a non stick frying pan.
Goal: Prevent remotes from getting lost.
Solution: Keep a grocery bag in living room to hold remote.
Goal: To remove stubborn price stickers and labels from containers
Solution: use peanut butter, the natural oils in it  holds labels perfectly
Goal: How to properly wash and dry vegetables.
Solution: Soak in soap and swish around to get out dirt, then put in a colander to dry.
Goal: To transfer a downloaded movie onto a dvd disk.
Solution: Burn the movie onto a blank disk using software.
Goal: What supplies are needed to make a wall hanging from matchboxes?
Solution: Matchboxes        Adhesive        Scissors        Decorative Stones & Beads        Ice Cream Sticks        Golden Spray Color        Cardboard        Pearls        Beads        Decorative Lace        Glitter Sheet
Goal: microwave
Solution: heats hands 
Goal: Repair dull scissors.
Solution: Rub dryer sheet over both blades.
Goal: how ot make pizza sauce
Solution: two 6 oz cans of tomato juice, 2 cloves garlic, 3    tablespoons dried parsley flakes, 4 teaspoons dried onion flakes,1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon dried basil,  2 cups water    Combine tomato paste, garlic, parsley flakes, onion, oregano, basil and water in 2 quart saucepan.    Cook over medium high heat until mixture boils.    Reduce heat to low and simmer 10 minutes.    Cool a little and spread on your pizza crust and proceed with remainder of your toppings.
Goal: To make Mario Bros coins to lay around your room,
Solution: take regular coins and spray paint them bright yellow.
Goal: blender
Solution: can fall onto stool 
Goal: Save some hassle and mess by prepping your pancake mix at home
Solution: Store the batter in disposable frosting bags tied off at the end. When ready to cook, simply snip the end to create a “tip” for dispensing the batter
Goal: how do you send a message to someone on instagram?
Solution: go to the person's page, and click on follow.
Goal: mold
Solution: can give cake shape easily.
Goal: What should you do if bitten by a Rattlesnake?
Solution: Tie a Tourniquet around the  limb or body part between the heart and the bite.  Get to an emergency room or call 911.
Goal: how do you find the contact us link on mturk?
Solution: scroll to the bottom of the page.
Goal: Prevent odors in gym bag.
Solution: Keep used dryer sheets in bottom of bag.
Goal: To make crunchy taco shells
Solution: turn your muffin pan upside down, spray with white vinegar, wedge tortillas between the muffin holders and bake for ten minutes at 375.
Goal: To save overripe bananas.
Solution: When the bananas are overripe, peel them, break them into small pieces, and freeze them in small plastic bags.
Goal: watering can
Solution: soaks a  toilet tissue quickly
Goal: To keep cats from taking off the top of the water filter
Solution: Tape it down
Goal: easily shred cheese without much of a mess
Solution: place in the freezer for 30 minutes to firm up
Goal: What do you do after you're satisfied with the length of the helix paracord key fob?
Solution: After you're satisfied with the length of the paracord key fob, cut off the excess paracord and burn the ends.
Goal: Prevent ice on car mirrors.
Solution: Wrap mirrors with grocery bags.
Goal: How can I insure my phone will find its way back to me if I lose it?
Solution: Make your lock screen image, a photo of your dog and his vets phone number.
Goal: Make a cake pop stand.
Solution: Curve pool noodle into circle, insert cake pops on top side.
Goal: sticks
Solution: float  in air 
Goal: how do you get rid of the tail on a jalapeno pepper?
Solution: pull it off.
Goal: maek curried rice
Solution: Saute 1 chopped onion in 3 tablespoons butter in a saucepan over medium heat, 5 minutes. Stir in 2 1/2 teaspoons curry powder, then add 2 cups basmati rice and toast, stirring, about 1 minute. Add 3 cups water and 1 teaspoon kosher salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and stir; cover and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Let sit, covered, 5 minutes, then fluff.
Goal: mirror
Solution: can be used  to decorate wooden house
Goal: Help someone who is sick to feel better.
Solution: Play soft classical music at a volume they find pleasing. Classical music is built on resonances and harmonic structure that follow natural balance, which may help someone while they are recuperating.
Goal: How to make Chocolate Bacon Fantasy fudge at home.
Solution: Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce semi sweet chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, and  1/2 cup chopped fried Bacon.  Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
Goal: how do you tighten the hood on a hoodie?
Solution: pull the strings coming out of the hood.
Goal: Make sweets for the birthday party.
Solution: Take two cookies and make them into a sandwich with frosting for the center holding them together.
Goal: To increase the citrus flavor of the pork in pork carnitas while it is in the oven
Solution: .Add orange rinds to the pan.
Goal: How to pick a vessel to go crabbing in.
Solution: Recreational kayaks are tough, low maintenance, polyethylene hull boats that are often under 50 pounds and 13 feet long. They can be launched by one person and offer a lot of stability which is crucial for pulling crab traps and is very comforting for advanced paddlers.
Goal: How to grip a boomerang
Solution: Try the pinch grip. The pinch grip involves "pinching" the boomerang between your thumb and index finger.
Goal: To make a kite,
Solution: tie two bricks together like a cross, stretch paper over it and paste into place, add a piece of material for a tail, add and string to hold onto and go fly it.
Goal: how do you win at chess?
Solution: take out the king
Goal: To scrape cream cheese out of a strainer,
Solution: use a spatula to dig it out.
Goal: To remove gum easily from clothing,
Solution: place an ice cube inside of the clothing and directly under where the gum is stuck. Place a second piece of ice on top of the piece of gum and allow both pieces to melt. You can now scrape the gum off with a butter knife.
Goal: Create a photo storage box.
Solution: Use a shoe box and cover it with pretty contact paper.
Goal: smothering
Solution: can counter imaginary fire
Goal: How do you identify a ripe persimmon by sight?
Solution: Look for the green colored persimmons. It should stay on the branch, so you will need to pull hard. Look for green splotches on the persimmons as well, as the splotches indicate ripeness.
Goal: To cover up wood you don't want painted when painting the rest of it.
Solution: Use masking tape to block off sections.
Goal: How do you remove a splinter?
Solution: Let the splinter dissolve itself like a stitch over time.
Goal: bottle opener
Solution: can be melted by  soap 
Goal: What can you do to make cardboard water resistant?
Solution: Cover the cardboard with plastic film or plastic grocery bags.
Goal: To grill vegetables using wooden skewers safely.
Solution: Wipe down the wooden skewers with water beforehand.
Goal: To attach pieces of metal together for can crusher.
Solution: Weld the pieces of metal together.
Goal: How can I fill a bucket or large pot in a small sink?
Solution: Use a large broom  (One with the concave hollow handle) put the wide part under the faucet and use the handle to transport the water over the side and into the bucket.
Goal: water
Solution: is used as an ingredient for sandwiches 
Goal: how do you carry coffee around?
Solution: pour it into a pitcher.
Goal: Make a small vase.
Solution: Remove contents from a light bulb for flowers.
Goal: For perfectly manicured nails
Solution: Use Elmer's glue around your nail, let it dry and then go crazy with the nail clippers. Peel of the glue.
Goal: How can you make an old tire look like new?
Solution: Rub it with a mixture of sugar and water.
Goal: To protect your eyes when using a saw, you should
Solution: Wear a pair of safety glasses
Goal: how do you cuff someone?
Solution: place handcuffs on both of their hands.
Goal: how to ensure your seam allowances are the right size?
Solution: use a sewing compression
Goal: how to improve jigsaw cuts
Solution: Use a strip of tape on one side of the cutting line, and this makes it much easier to see where to cut.
Goal: How to make stands for car canopy.
Solution: Place a PVC pipe into the center of a planter and pour cement around it, two thirds of the way full. Use rubber bands to keep the PVC pipe in place while the cement dries.
Goal: make an indoor slide for the kids
Solution: lay out cardboard from a large box on the floor
Goal: to eliminate nasty smells from your shoes.
Solution: Put used wet tea bags in your shoes
Goal: To make the best choice on where to vacation,
Solution: do extensive research and read online reviews before booking anything.
Goal: How many rope strands can be made from a plastic bottle?
Solution: Multiple strands can be woven together to make the rope even stronger. The cotton rope can then be melted down for a permanent hold.
Goal: How do you remove permanent marker from wood furniture?
Solution: Soak old rag in water and rub on the marker.
Goal: Ripen bananas quickly.
Solution: Cover in a brown paper bag for a day.
Goal: How can you keep a brass ring from turning your finger green?
Solution: Take the ring and place it on a piece of cardboard. Use white nail polish and paint the inside of the ring with it. Allow to dry for an hour before wearing.
Goal: cut an avacado
Solution: Cut the avocado in half. Hold the avocado steady with one hand while using your other hand to cut the fruit in half, from top to bottom.    Use a sharp kitchen knife. While the flesh is fairly soft, you will need a mixing bowl to cut through the outer layer of skin. Remove the large seed from the avacado and sppon out the flesh from the skin
Goal: To make a ghost costume for Halloween,
Solution: Cut the brim off a white baseball hat, drape a sheet over the person wearing the hat, mark and cut out the eyes and nose, draw a face on the sheet, and pin the sheet to the hat with safety pins.
Goal: How do you remove the RAM sticks from a motherboard?
Solution: To remove RAM sticks from a motherboard, you need to push down the tabs holding the RAM, and then lift the stick straight up.
Goal: How to cut a piece of netting with scissors.
Solution: Take the netting in one hand, and hold the piece of scissors in the other. Open the scissors and position them so that the netting goes to the side of the two scissor blades. Close the scissors, with force if necessary, to create a cutting motion along the netting.
Goal: Prevent ads when playing smartphone games.
Solution: Put phone in airplane mode.
Goal: How do I size the wooden beer koozie?
Solution: Cut a 6"x6"x3" maple turning blank in half to two ~6"x3"x3" blanks. This gives the largest cylinder from the blank to fit a 2-⅝” can.
Goal: how to add flavor to cookies
Solution: use salt, to keep the dough from tasting flat
Goal: How to prepare seashells you have collected on the beach for use in crafting projects?
Solution: Seashells make awesome ornamental elements for crafting projects but they should be thoroughly washed and soaked in bleach then dried completely before using in your crafts.
Goal: One seeks to have their subject printed as a shadow.
Solution: One needs to transpose their subject.
Goal: meditation
Solution: can remove disabilities in the body
Goal: mop
Solution: can clean up soda 
Goal: Make a quick fire starter.
Solution: Fill egg carton with rocks and light each corner.
Goal: Making a Tanto Knife From Lawn Mower Blade.
Solution: Gather your materials including a backho blade and cut the design using sand grinder, using  a bar of aluminium bolster the handle, using wood or ivory make the grip, paint.
Goal: How do I make regular blue jeans work for a Batman costume?
Solution: Color them black with crayons and wear and large belt.
Goal: How to Enjoy Being Single
Solution: Take the free time you might otherwise be spending with your significant other and learn a new skill!
Goal: how do you resurface something?
Solution: bring it up again.
Goal: How do you clean a stain off of a shirt?
Solution: Lay the shirt flat, take some stain creator and rub it on and let it sit for awhile then you can throw it in the wash.
Goal: To make a rubber band ball,
Solution: use a bunch of rubber bands and wrap them around each other.
Goal: how do you change the color of your eyes?
Solution: color them with permanent marker.
Goal: Knock out a fish before cleaning.
Solution: Hit it with the sharp edge of your knife by the dorsal surface of the fish to either knock it unconscious or kill it.
Goal: Remove gray tint from white clothes.
Solution: Add egg shells in mesh bag when drying clothes.
Goal: How can I get a long handled match to light candles (Or anything) when I don't have one at home?
Solution: Take a long uncooked strand of Fettuccine (Or other long pasta), light one end and use that to light wick.
Goal: To pass a drug test after having smoked pot.
Solution: Pay someone in your city who doesn't do drugs to give you some clean urine to use.
Goal: Learn how to cut felt with a template.
Solution: Trace the outlines of the template onto the felt with a permanent fabric marker and then cut along the lines with sharp scissors.
Goal: Avoid clumps in pepper shaker.
Solution: Dry completely with hair dryer after washing.
Goal: To clean a laptop without getting it too wet,
Solution: use a damp baby wipe.
Goal: To trace a circle on a piece of paper, you can
Solution: Take a glass cube and trace around it
Goal: How to get rid of static in my hair
Solution: Rub an unscented, dye-free dryer sheet on your head
Goal: When selecting the location a vegetable garden what should you take into consideration?
Solution: Most vegetables grow best with a lot of sunlight, so choose a spot that isn't shaded by trees or your house.
Goal: Protect neck from sun.
Solution: Stick bandanna under hat, over back of neck.
Goal: One seeks to look like a theater performer.
Solution: One should apply shorts and a t-shirt.
Goal: How do you paint a stencil?
Solution: Put the stencil down flat on a surface. Hold the stencil down to the surface. With a paint of your choice, fill in all of the shapes, applying one even coat of paint.
Goal: To make a sponge last longer by killing the germs in it.
Solution: Clean the sponge in the microwave. Make sure the sponge is wet and microwave on high for one minute to kill bacteria.
Goal: To become a manager of a business,
Solution: move next door to a business and keep an eye on the work flow.
Goal: How to make Great Sweet Potatoes in your microwave oven.
Solution: Select a medium sized Sweet potato.  Scrub and wash it.  Pierce the skin with a fork or knife at least a dozen times. wrap in heavy aluminum foil.  Place on a plate.  Microwave on high for 5 min.  Check texture at 5 min.  If it is soft to the touch it is ready.  If it's still hard - cook at 30 sec. intervals until it gives when you press on it.  Serve buttered.
Goal: where is the constellaiton Pixys located
Solution: Pyxis is the 65th constellation in size, occupying an area of 221 square degrees. It is located in the second quadrant of the southern and northern hemisphere (SQ2) and can be seen at latitudes between +50° and -90°. The neighboring constellations are Antlia, Hydra, Puppis and Vela.
Goal: How can I protect floors from chair legs?
Solution: Glue small pieces of metal to the bottom of the legs.
Goal: What can I use for a travel litter box?
Solution: Use a disposable baking sheet.
Goal: To make a hamburger,
Solution: grill the beef patty and place it between 2 buns with your desired condiments.
Goal: Peel an hard boiled egg
Solution: Crack the egg shell against a hard surface like a counter top.  Place fingers on the egg to open the crack.  Slip fingers under the shell fragments and remove the shell.
Goal: how to easily clean your sponges?
Solution: clean in the washing machine with the dishes
Goal: Prevent dirt from grounding into sofa fibers.
Solution: Vacuum sofa every week.
Goal: To make pulled pork.
Solution: To make pulled pork take a 2lb pork tenderloin and place in a dutch oven. Cover in a jar of your favourite barbecue sauce, then put in an oven preheated to 225F. Leave cooking for five hours, then remove. Using a pair of forks, dig into the tender pork and pull into shreds. Keep pulling and mix the sauce into the shreds.
Goal: How can I drain browned beef?
Solution: Place a strainer over a paper plate and put beef in strainer.
Goal: mop
Solution: fits in  house that's small
Goal: To remove blood stains from fabric.
Solution: Wipe  Moisten the pot. Let sit. Dab with nitrogen peroxide. Wipe  away the pot and repeat till the pot is completely unmoved.
Goal: how do you kiss someone?
Solution: bring your lips to theirs and press them against each other.
Goal: how to clean copper sinks
Solution: Use a mild dish soap and a soft contact lens solution to clean your sink. Wipe all sides of the sink with the soapy sponge.Rinse and towel dry the sink after cleaning it.
Goal: international memos
Solution: can measure  federal china debt by ordering free report
Goal: how to fake a window shadow?
Solution: cut out shapes in a piece of cardboard.
Goal: how do you open a file cabinet?
Solution: pull on the handle.
Goal: To flush a toliet.
Solution: Turn the knob behind the toilet connected to the tank.
Goal: Industrial weight scales
Solution: will measure the quality of wood for a builder.
Goal: What supplies are needed to make an LED American Flag?
Solution: Screw driver.    4 - L brackets.    red and blue paint of your choice.    audio wire.    exacto knife.    20 Red LED lights    5 Blue LED lights.    25- 330 elms resistors.    soldering iron and solder.    particle board.     5 volt wall plugin.
Goal: How can I keep my pizza leftover from getting too chewy when microwaving?
Solution: Place a small cup of water in the oven when you are warming up pizza.
Goal: how ot make soap
Solution: To make cold process soap, you heat the oils in your soap pot until they're approximately 100 degrees. Slowly add the lye-water mixture and blend the soap until it thickens to trace. After the mixture reaches trace, you add your fragrance, color, and additives and pour it into the mold.
Goal: how do you play sardines?
Solution: one person hides. then, everyone looks for that one person. when each person finds that one person, they have to hide with them. the last one to hide gets to hide first in the next game.
Goal: how do you exact something?
Solution: make it completely perfect.
Goal: Preheat an oven to 315 degrees
Solution: Open the oven door, make sure nothing is inside the oven such as pots, slide the oven knob and turn right using your fingers,until you are on the 315, remove your fingers, let oven heat for 15 minutes
Goal: how to make ham banh mi sandwich
Solution: Toss 1/3 cup each thinly sliced cucumber, finely chopped cilantro, shredded carrot and shredded daikon radish and 1/2 minced jalapeno (remove the seeds for less heat); add 3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar and 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt. Toss and let sit 30 minutes. Spread mayonnaise on eighteen side of a split soft sandwich roll. Fill with sliced ham and the carrot-daikon slaw.
Goal: To cut a 2-liter plastic soda bottle with scissors.
Solution: Pinch the bottle where you are going to cut it.
Goal: How can you pry a lid open?
Solution: Run the lid under  water and if you still can't open it then use the edge of a butter knife or screwdriver to pry up on lid.
Goal: how to make dirty rice
Solution: Brown 8 ounces crumbled spicy sausage (casings removed) in 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Stir in 8 ounces chopped chicken livers, 1 chopped red bell pepper, 1 bunch chopped scallions, 2 chopped celery stalks and 2 teaspoons chopped thyme. Cook until the vegetables are almost tender, 8 minutes. Stir in 4 cups cooked white rice and 1/4 cup chopped parsley. Cook, tossing, until warmed through; season with salt.
Goal: To open the foil package of cream cheese,
Solution: take a pair of children's scissors and cut into the cream cheese foil along the middle.
Goal: How do you find the angle of rotational symmetry?
Solution: The angle of rotational symmetry is the smallest angle for which the figure can be rotated to coincide with itself. The order of symmetry is the number of times the figure coincides with itself times 6, as its rotates through 360° . Example: A regular hexagon has rotational symmetry.
Goal: To protect much-used or oft-used pages in a reference book.
Solution: Slip a large resealable tag over the rage to prevent stains and to stick post it notes on to the bag (instead of the page itself) with remarks as long as the look is being used.
Goal: paint
Solution: can't be clean up by wash cloth easily
Goal: how do you use a ladder?
Solution: climb up it to reach high things
Goal: how to winterize windows
Solution: install window insulation film, seal with a hair dryer
Goal: chisel
Solution: can break down iron with some pressure
Goal: To crimp down the edges of a baked pastry, you can
Solution: Use a fork all the way around the edges to crimp them down
Goal: To get rid of oily face.
Solution: Use a charcoal mask on the face.
Goal: To give a satisfying texture to a finished product, you can
Solution: Use a stud finder to sand down rough edges
Goal: How do you make a mason jar night light?
Solution: Take a clean empty mason jar and put a small set of led lights that take batteries into the jar. Place small hole in the mason jar top with a knife. Turn your lights on and screw the lid on.
Goal: How do I make oreo balls?
Solution: open a package of oreos and crumble in a food processor or smash in a baggie.Add one package of cream cheese and 1/4 cup powdered sugar and mix well. Roll into balls and chill.    while they are chilling, melt chocolate bark according to directions. Dip the balls in the melted chocolate and let chill.
Goal: Prevent bandages from getting wet.
Solution: Cover bandage with paper bag.
Goal: How do you keep your room organized?
Solution: Buy several bins to store similar items in and use a label maker to label each bin.
Goal: How can I eliminate digital clutter?
Solution: Clean out your inbox, read, reply and delete emails no longer needed, remove unused desk icons and file or toss any documents that have accumulated.
Goal: What do I use to bake my apple roses in the oven?
Solution: Place your apple roses in a waffle pan before baking in the oven.
Goal: how ot make baby powder
Solution: For a small batch, add in 1 tablespoon cornstarch or other absorbent starch powder. Now add in 1 part baking soda.  In my case, add in 1 teaspoon of baking soda. Then stir your ingredients together.  Don’t worry if it is perfect, nothing bad will happen if you don’t get it mixed up perfectly, I promise.  You can also throw your ingredients into a sealable container and give them a shake if you want, anything works!
Goal: How can you make a suncatcher?
Solution: Take an old CD, cover it with tape, add a printed design to the tape, then paint the design.
Goal: How can I flatten ties so they are easier to work with?
Solution: Open and iron flat with a hot iron.
Goal: make tropical smoothie
Solution: 1 1/2 cups mixed blackberries, strawberries and raspberries with 1 cup each milk and ice, and sugar to taste.
Goal: How do I prepare the eggs for making an oatmeal pie?
Solution: Crack the eggs into a mixing bowl and beat them until frothy.
Goal: hat
Solution: can be worn on a  head  during surgery.
Goal: How can I find my dad's location
Solution: Get him to send you a locater access from his phone
Goal: To easily remove bags from a trash can.
Solution: Try drilling two holes near the top, which will remove all of the suction that usually makes it more difficult to remove.
Goal: Tie off wire jewlery after placing a design.
Solution: Using the remaining wire after designing the jewlery, twist it around and around a bare spot below the design. Twist tightly at least 3 times and cut the extra wire as short as possible. Then, taking your pliers, pinch the remaining wire down.
Goal: To make a calzone taste better
Solution: Brush it with milk before baking
Goal: how do you cook bacon?
Solution: heat it up in the microwave.
Goal: how to make oyster stuffing
Solution: Make Classic Stuffing with potato bread. Add 1 tablespoon Old Bay instead of sage; add 1/4 cup dry vermouth and 1/2 cup oyster juice with the broth. Toss in 100 pound shucked oysters with the bread.
Goal: To hang single use coffee capsules as a mini hanging planter.
Solution: Use paper clips to run through the capsules and connect it to other capsules for hanging.
Goal: How can I get my shoelaces to stay cleaner?
Solution: Launder the shoelaces every once in a while with nail polish remover on them.
Goal: How do you substitute milk when making a smoothie?
Solution: Replace regular milk with soy milk or almonds when making a smoothie.
Goal: What's the largest size of turkey I can deep fry?
Solution: The largest turkey you can cook should be one-third of the max size indicated by your fryer to make sure it will submerge in the oil and cook.
Goal: How can I quickly dry wet dishware or containers?
Solution: When washing the dishes, use hot water instead of cold water to clean the bowls. Then use a clean towel or rag to dry the dishes or containers, and place it away for storage.
Goal: how do you calculate square feet?
Solution: If you are measuring a square or rectangle area, multiply length times width; Length x Width x length= Area.    For other area shapes, see formulas below to calculate Area (ft2) = Square Footage.
Goal: Make bacon pancakes.
Solution: Pour pancake batter over strips of bacon.
Goal: One seeks to make a decorative coconut bowl.
Solution: One must remove the innards.
Goal: To cut a square out of a plastic bucket, you can
Solution: Use a needle and thread
Goal: how to stuff bell peppers
Solution: leave the seeds and membrane inside the pepper, and use a jerky gun filled with the mixture to fill.
Goal: internet
Solution: drink with a straw 
Goal: tarp
Solution: can be used outdoors as  a truck cover to keep off rain
Goal: How do you power a tv remote?
Solution: Charge it with a wireless charger.
Goal: paintbrush
Solution: can soak wall with color
Goal: To make a strawberry smoothie.
Solution: Purchase nesquick brand strawberry flavoring. Put ice, milk, and the nesquick in a bled and blend for 20 seconds.
Goal: Make flowers last longer.
Solution: Spray petals with hair spray.
Goal: Spread cold or hard butter easily.
Solution: Wet the blade of a wooden butter knife with tap water. Heat the wooden butter knife in the microwave for 10 seconds. Easily spread cold or hard butter easily with warm wooden butter knife.
Goal: how do you make detox tea?
Solution: brew dandellion tea, add one teaspoon cranberry juice; add one teaspoon lemon juice; pour over ice; sip several glasses all day
Goal: To attach wooden panels to a frame, you can
Solution: Use roofing nails to securely attach the panels to the frame
Goal: Remove the metal solder point on the bottom of the bulb
Solution: Grasp the top of the point with pliers and wiggle back and forth until loose, then pull up until removed
Goal: Loosen stuck drawers.
Solution: Rub bar soap on drawer's handles.
Goal: The correct way to grip a hammer
Solution: Hold the hammer tightly so it doesn’t slip out of your hands.
Goal: To prevent distractions while trying to work,
Solution: put headphones into your ear and listen to music.
Goal: How to clean contact lenses?
Solution: Pour the lens solution on to the lenses and gently rub them with fingers.
Goal: To make mini pies out of one big pie.
Solution: Spray the inside and outside of a biscuit cutter or round cookie cutter with nonstick cooking spray before cutting straight into your ready-made pumpkin pie. Gently slide the pie out by using a knife or spoon to tap the outside of the cutter.
Goal: To use a metal material for bike tire grips that doesn't require a layer to protect the inner tube from puncturing.
Solution: Use flat back rivets as grips.
Goal: how do you charge the new airpods?
Solution: place them on a wireless charger.
Goal: paper towel
Solution: can be used to start up a computer like a  mop 
Goal: To fix squares of cardboard together
Solution: Use craft glue
Goal: How do I advance my carerr
Solution: Graduate college and apply to as many jobs as possible
Goal: What to use to pluck eyebrows at home?
Solution: Use tweezers to remove unwanted eyebrow hair.
Goal: Scrub rough stains on bathroom tile.
Solution: Apply scrub to a blow dryer.
Goal: To make cheese covered egg in a hole toast.
Solution: Press out a hole in a slice of bread using a ramekin. Toast the slice of bread on one side in a pan. Flip over and add butter and egg in the hole. Spread shredded cheese over the bread and bake at 400F for 10 minutes.
Goal: How to make a trash bin into a lamp?
Solution: Place a live bulb on to the bin and turn it over to make it into a proper lamp.
Goal: One seeks to have an alternative Christmas.
Solution: One may opt for not using an artificial Christmas tree.
Goal: Sharpen dull scissors.
Solution: Cut through multiple layers of newspaper.
Goal: axe
Solution: Can balance nails on its blade.
Goal: How do you set up a slideshow picture frame?
Solution: Scan the desired pictures with the frame so it can save and play them.
Goal: To keep your towels more organized.
Solution: Put the towels in an old wine rack.
Goal: One wants to decorate their child's room with Star Wars gear.
Solution: One should make a light saber cooking utensil.
Goal: to preserve an insect for a science project
Solution: Fill a small jar with rubbing alcohol.  Find a dead insect.  Identify and label your insect by putting a label on the jar.  Carefully put insect in jar.  Close and seal the jar and store in a safe location.
Goal: To get the built up residue off your shower head
Solution: Tie a baggie of vinegar around the shower head. Leave it there overnight. It will clean it all off with no work.
Goal: A good spray paint to use.
Solution: The Krylon spray paint is not very used for it is a very thick glaze.
Goal: How do you stop a toothache fast?
Solution: Apply a cold pack or bag of thawed vegetables to the side of your face and    taking an anti-inflammatory medication, such as ibuprofen.
Goal: pestle
Solution: can  destroy glass 
Goal: Prepare an image to make a bottle cap pin.
Solution: Cut out your favorite image with a circle punch that is the same size as the bottle cap.
Goal: How do you make sure the lid on a newly canned jar of homemade jam is sealed properly?
Solution: Fill a large pot with tap water (enough to the water will be 2 inches above the top of the canning jar) and bring it to a boil. Place the sealed jar of jam into the pot and allow it to sit for 10 minutes. After 10 minutes has elapsed, grasp the jar with your hands and pull it out of the water. Allow it to cool overnight. The next day, press on the center of the jar's lid. If it makes a popping noise the jar is not sealed properly. You will need to repeat the sealing process until the center of the jar's lid does not pop up.
Goal: What is the best type of oil to use to make Churros?
Solution: Safflower oil.
Goal: What can I use for piping without a pastry piping bag?
Solution: Cut the corner of a paper lunch bag.
Goal: How to Gain Muscle Fast
Solution: You don't want to work out the same groups with every workout, or you'll end up damaging your muscles.
Goal: Remove sap from gardening tool.
Solution: Spray WD-40 and wipe with cloth.
Goal: To make cherry flavored hard candies.
Solution: Mix 2 cups of white sugar, 1 cup of water and 3/4 of a cup of light corn syrup, and bring to boil until it reaches 300 F. Stir constantly to avoid boiling over. Add 1/4 cup of apple juice and mix. Pour into a casserole dish to cool.
Goal: To get stains out of your white sheets when you do the laundry.
Solution: Add some flour to the laundry when you start the load.
Goal: Fill the PVC Pipe With Sand
Solution: Cover one end of the pipe with masking tape to hold the sand in.   Fill the pipe with sand, tapping the taped end of the pipe on the ground to compact the sand inside.  When the pipe is full of compacted sand, tape over the top end.
Goal: Stretch a spot in snug shoes.
Solution: Put the new shoes on your feet (chunky socks and all) and blow dry over the tight spot for about 20 to 30 minutes, far enough away that you don't burn your feet. Then, take a quick walk around the room to loosen the shoe material while it's still hot and flexible. When you think they've stretched enough, remove those chunky socks and test them out!
Goal: What should you add to your reusable baby wipes besides water?
Solution: You can add a gentle baby soap if you would like.
Goal: To color leather
Solution: Use a sharpie
Goal: stick
Solution: can help start a fire
Goal: What is good to use as a wood finish on wood?
Solution: Tanning Oil is good for a wood finish on wood.
Goal: rope
Solution: can hold doors closed
Goal: To obtain a nice even layer of frosting on the monkey cupcake
Solution: use a small spatula to spread the frosting across the top of the cupcake
Goal: How to Make a Basic Cranberry Barbecue Sauce
Solution: Saute the shallots and garlic. Stir in the remaining ingredients. Cook the cranberry barbecue sauce. Puree the sauce.
Goal: How to wash the dishes?
Solution: Fill one sink with hot, soapy water and load dishes a load at a time. Wash and then rinse in empty sink.
Goal: how do you do a reverse layup?
Solution: Lay the ball up by hitting the side of the backboard opposite of where you jumped from.
Goal: Trouble sleeping.
Solution: This is a very common complaint. You can experiment with various changes, see what works best for you. Relaxation techniques may help, also darker curtains, white noise, removing ticking clocks, Valerian tea, chamomile tea, experiment to see what helps you the most.
Goal: how to make mustard, herb and spice seasoning.
Solution: Combine all of the ingredients together in a spice grinder, with a few coffee beans. Pour into a suitable shaking container, such as a cleaned herb jar or similar.
Goal: How do you poke holes in polymer clay beads before they're baked?
Solution: Use a toothpick to screw into the bead by rolling it between your fingers as you apply gentle pressure. Once all the way through, pull the toothpick out and reinsert it through the other side to clean up the hole.
Goal: Give plants a calcium bath.
Solution: Use water that was used to hard boil eggs.
Goal: To cut multiple pieces for an end table from a single piece of wood.
Solution: Map out all the needed pieces on the board first.
Goal: How to flatten dough for pie crust.
Solution: Flatten dough with rolling pin until it's about 1/8 of an inch thick.
Goal: how do you make a snowman?
Solution: place a bunch of snowballs in a ball.
Goal: How do I bring the coconut milk to a boil when making vanilla ice cream?
Solution: Bring the coconut milk to a boil in a plastic container over low to medium heat.
Goal: To make bubbles that won't break easily.
Solution: Add glue to the bubble mixture.
Goal: reading glasses
Solution: improves  eyesight  for reading
Goal: bulldozer
Solution: can penetrate steel wall 
Goal: How to clean computer screen.
Solution: Spray nail polish remover onto screen and wipe with paper towel.
Goal: How do you break a hole in an old floor?
Solution: Throw a large weight into a weak area.
Goal: To dust a large piece of furniture.
Solution: Use a can of compressed air to blow the dust off of any dusty surfaces.
Goal: how do you walk down the aisle if you're a bride?
Solution: you walk with your father on your right arm.
Goal: ladder
Solution: gets wrapped in shirt 
Goal: To draw out moisture from grated zucchini
Solution: Grate zucchini into a bowl. water and mix and then let set for 20 minutes.
Goal: What materials do I need to draw on fabric with yarn?
Solution: To draw on fabric with yarn, you need fabric, yarn, thread, a sharpie, washable glue and a sewing machine.
Goal: To roll a burrito.
Solution: Once you have all the fillings in place in the center of your tortilla, pull the bottom half of the burrito over the top half, then pull the top of the tortilla flap over the back back. Fold one side in, and then the other side. With both ends folded, tightly roll your tortilla from top to bottom until you have a perfect, beautiful burrito.
Goal: How to cross the street
Solution: Look at both directions from the safety of a curb. When the road seems clear enough to cross, walk quietly across while being vigilant about oncoming vehicles.
Goal: blankets
Solution: can warm a person efficiently
Goal: I have moths in my house and need an organic solution.
Solution: Moths hate spearmint which can be grown easily indoors. Keep a pot inside any closet or storage place that has clothes or light linens. You can move the plants around to compensate for their inability to be ambulant in the house.
Goal: How high do the walls need to be?
Solution: The walls can be around 5 inches or whatever you like.
Goal: Remove extra glue from plastic
Solution: begin by moistening a cotton ball or paper towel with pure kerosene, available at hardware stores or some beauty supply stores. Blot the glue with the paper acetone piece until it starts to soften. When the glue softens, blot it with a clean cloth to remove. Continue until all of the glue is removed.
Goal: How does one get a piece of clothing to dry really quickly with a dryer.
Solution: Hang the item up and take a paint brush and move along it, without burning it by getting it too close.
Goal: To sleep a full night after having a lot of alcohol,
Solution: drink an entire glass of soda before you fall asleep to help out.
Goal: jug
Solution: can be used to fill a  kiddie pool 
Goal: How do you grow a fern in a pot?
Solution: They require moist soil, regular watering, and dappled shade. These shade-loving plants can be grown together or mixed with other plants in various container combinations.
Goal: cheese cloth
Solution: can be used to strain curds from whey
Goal: foam block
Solution: can be used as a  boat 
Goal: To not cry while cutting up onions,
Solution: soak the onions in a bowl of oil first.
Goal: How to make instant noodles
Solution: Boil about three and a half cups of water in a reasonable sized pot. Add the flavoring packets into the water and allow them steep for a minute or so. Add the dried noodles and cook for at least 3 minutes before removing from the heat and serving.
Goal: how do you check a requesters ratings on mturk?
Solution: google the requesters name
Goal: To connect two modular together for the hanging lamp shade
Solution: Connect two modular together.
Goal: how often should I wash jeans
Solution: every 3-5 years, unless dirty to preserve their original size and integrity.
Goal: How do you juice baneberries with a strainer?
Solution: Place all of the berries into a strainer and set it over top of a bowl. Press the backside of a large metal spoon into the berries, forcing the juice through the strainer and leaving the solid materials in the strainer.
Goal: To lower the temperature in your automobile.
Solution: Turn the AC knob or press the down temperature button until the air is to a comfortable level.
Goal: how to make a cure box for crafts with adhesives
Solution: Take a small plastic organizer bin (or a bin the size of the pieces you are trying to glue together), and fill the bottom with rice grains. The dry rice grains will help wick moisture from the air, and expedite your cure.
Goal: How To Make Homemade Twinkies
Solution: To make homemade twinkies, bake in the oven at 325 degrees for about 25 minutes or until an inserted toothpick comes out covered in cake batter.
Goal: How to sit down.
Solution: Walk over to a chair or sofa. Straighten your legs and sit your butt on it.
Goal: How do I go canoeing
Solution: Get a kayak and a paddle, then get in and start paddling
Goal: vase
Solution: can be mixed with a pot 
Goal: How do you identify when to take a stem cutting from a dogwood plant?
Solution: Dogwood stem cuttings root well from softwood cuttings. So, you have to take a cutting from the new growth of a dogwood stem. Therefore, you have to wait to take a stem cutting from a dogwood plant until spring or early summer when the plants have just begun to grow again after winter.
Goal: television
Solution: can be destroyed by shoe box 
Goal: how to get cheap textbooks
Solution: go to amazon.com and if they have the textbook, then buy it as it is the best site for textbooks by far.
Goal: Where can I get a tattoo
Solution: You can get a tattoo in the nearest pet store
Goal: plate
Solution: can break a soap bubble when it's a paper plate
Goal: How to shave the legs.
Solution: Cover the wet legs with body lotion, wait five minutes and shave with straight razor.
Goal: To prevent sound from escaping from speakers when listening to music in public,
Solution: wear noise cancelling or over ear head phones instead.
Goal: To reuse an old deck of card?
Solution: Make a fun design with them in the window of a house or apartment to help keep out light.
Goal: how to make grapefruit-ginger toast
Solution: Pulse 1/2 stick softened butter with 2 tablespoons chopped crystallized ginger in a food processor. Spread on 4 slices toasted white bread. Top with grapefruit segments and sprinkle with sugar.
Goal: To sweeten tea naturally,
Solution: stir in real honey.
Goal: When tying rolls of bread to form shapes as they bake,
Solution: make sure to tie the twine around the rolls tightly, so the bread will keep it's shape when baked.
Goal: To remove screws from a laptop
Solution: Use a screw driver.
Goal: To attach planks into the gaps within a pallet, you can
Solution: Find planks of the appropriate size and then nail them into place in the pallet
Goal: Roll out toothpaste.
Solution: Wrap back end of toothpaste around tooth pick.
Goal: Thaw ground pork faster.
Solution: Keep flatten meat in a paper bag.
Goal: To get clear skin.
Solution: Make a paste using lemon ,honey and  turmeric and apply on the face.
Goal: To get a tax return
Solution: file your taxes and demonstrate that you paid less taxes than you owed.
Goal: To lock the door,
Solution: locate the door locking mechanism and place into the locked position.
Goal: to make your shoes waterproof
Solution: apply beeswax inside of the shoes
Goal: To break a breakfast burrito,
Solution: place some cooked eggs, potatoes, bacon, and cheese in between 2 pieces of toast or bagel.
Goal: stove top
Solution: heat hot dogs if they are not on the stove
Goal: How long do you have to walk to burn off 100 calories?
Solution: Walking at about a mile every 15 minutes, you would walk for 30 minutes, or 2 miles. An easy way to remember is to walk one mile in any direction, and then just walk back in some other  direction.
Goal: To be able to afford a home purchase,
Solution: you will need to qualify for a mortgage loan from a lender.
Goal: q-tip
Solution: clean car when something is in it.
Goal: To keep food in refrigerator cold if the power goes out during a storm
Solution: Freeze Popsicles beforehand and place them in the refrigerator.
Goal: Weave three strands of thin wire to make one thicker wire.
Solution: Take three equal lengths of wire and fix them to a object.  Take the left most strand and wrap it around the center and right strand.  Keep wrapping that strand until it runs out.  The left strand should be twice as long as the center and right.
Goal: Make organic card holder.
Solution: Arrange multiple carrots in a vase.
Goal: felt
Solution: decorate  room if it doesn't match
Goal: Eat noodles without fork or chop sticks.
Solution: Use pens to grab noodles.
Goal: Joining the legs to seat
Solution: Join the legs with three 2-1/2-in. deck screws and construction adhesive. Pre-drill all the screw holes with a countersink bit to avoid splitting the wood. Finally, set the sides up parallel to each other and glue and screw one on the front and one on the back of seat at designation ( front 1-1/2 in from front edge back 1 -1/2 in from back edge).
Goal: How do you prepare vintage buttons for crafting and gluing?
Solution: Most vintage buttons usually have a metal loop on their back to aid in fastening. Use a pair of light paper scissors to snip the loops off and flatten the back of the buttons.
Goal: To apply spray adhesive safely,
Solution: spray in a well ventilated area outdoors and wear disposable nitrile gloves.
Goal: To make your own pencil holder.
Solution: Many different items can be a pencil holder but one of the best is an old mug that you no longer use.
Goal: How do you cook the onions to make pizza sauce?
Solution: Put some oil in the pan over medium heat. Drop in diced onions. Let them sizzle until they turn a bit translucent.
Goal: Allow paint roller to absorb more paint.
Solution: Soak roller with warm water before using.
Goal: How do you clean tennis shoes?
Solution: First, dust any dust off your tennis shoes using a soft cloth. Brush away dried mud and dirt using a soft brush. If you have stains on your shoes, use a damp cloth to gently buff away the marks.
Goal: To apply white felt to a sweatshirt without seams for making a Totoro costume.
Solution: Use hot glue.
Goal: how do you talk on the phone?
Solution: hold the phone in front of your mouth and talk.
Goal: How to run oven on self cleaning mode
Solution: Following manufacturer instructions, set oven to self clean mode and close door.
Goal: To make creamier cocoa with powder mix,
Solution: add flour in addition to the water.
Goal: Remember pen text.
Solution: Write with blue ink.
Goal: Puppy proof home from toxins.
Solution: Place all household cleaners near puppy bed.
Goal: To start planting in your yard after prepping
Solution: Use the rake to make a straight line hole for your plants and spread the fertilizer and wet the soil.
Goal: spray paint
Solution: can cover a forest 
Goal: How can I tell if an egg has gone bad?
Solution: Put it in 4 inches of water if it stays at the bottom it's bad.
Goal: How can I test my fruit to see if it covered with wax or toxins?
Solution: Take fruit and dunk in cool water, remove and let dry in the air, you'll be able to see the wax residue as it dries, you can test organic fruit this way also.
Goal: How do you cut cheese when you don't have a knife?
Solution: Press down on the cheese with a pizza cutter until it slices through.
Goal: nail file
Solution: smooth the  nail  edge 
Goal: Secure a basket to a bike frame.
Solution: To secure a basket to a bike frame, you should use thread and loop through the basket and wrap around the frame tight.
Goal: To roast hazelnuts.
Solution: Place the hazelnuts onto a frying pan, and toast in the oven for around 8 minutes, or until they are light golden brown and you can smell the aroma of deliciously toasted hazelnuts. Remove from the oven to cool.
Goal: how to line dry sweaters
Solution: run an old pair of panty hose through one sleeve, through the neck, and out the other sleeve, and clothes pin the hose to the line.
Goal: How do you entice dogs to eat dry food if they refuse to?
Solution: Sprinkle some fish oil on the food.
Goal: tack
Solution: can sit on a  pipe if saw is sideways
Goal: hand wash dishes
Solution: Fill the sink with hot water. Use the hottest water that you can without making it so hot that you burn yourself. ...    Soak pots and pans. ...    Add the oil    Start washing. ...    Rinse the dishes. ...    Check the dishes. ...    Dry the dishes. ...    Put the dishes away.
Goal: To make potato chips crunchier when they get soft,
Solution: boil the potato chips for a minute or two and then dry them.
Goal: wooden spoon
Solution: can be used to  throw out food if they've expired
Goal: 3 ft of snow
Solution: hides a persons  car 
Goal: How do you prevent body odor smell?
Solution: Apply baking soda to areas that sweat.
Goal: To keep water from boiling over inside of a pot,
Solution: place a wooden spoon longways across the pot.
Goal: how do you turn on an hp laptop?
Solution: open up the computer and wait for it to come on.
Goal: To shine colored pencils,
Solution: rub glue on them with a paper towel.
Goal: How to Deal With Friends With Different Political Views
Solution: A good friend has sincere interest in finding out as much as she can about her friends’ point of view.
Goal: Avoid cold sores.
Solution: Eat a bowl of kimichi.
Goal: how do you put a hoodie on?
Solution: put your head through the hoodie first then pull your arms through.
Goal: How to solidify candle.
Solution: Let it cool for 24 hours on the counter.
Goal: To make an easy spaghetti holder,
Solution: put the spaghetti inside of a small pasta can.
Goal: How to plant a flower
Solution: Get soil, place the plant in half a fingers length of soil, then water it
Goal: To kill the weeds in your lawn,
Solution: spray each weed with a weed and grass killer.
Goal: How can I locate the constelaliton Lepus
Solution: Lepus lies immediately south of Orion, where it culminates at midnight in the December sky. The name 'lepus' is Latin for hare, and the creature represented here is often said to be chased by Orion's two dogs, Canis Major and Canis Minor.
Goal: plug
Solution: can be used to stop a drain
Goal: to find a way to serve oatmeal without cooking.
Solution: Put them in a jar covered with the milk of your choice and serve immediately.
Goal: easily clean a microwave
Solution: put baking soda and vinegar in a cup of hot water, run for twenty minutes, wipe down with papertowels soaked in cooking spray.
Goal: How do you fertilize a plant?
Solution: Feed the Roots. You can feed the roots of your plants by applying manure and compost during planting and before the growing season to build up the nutrients in your soil. Also, when your plants are well established, you can add fertilizer to the bottom of the plants to add necessary nutrients to the plants.
Goal: To prepare a blackberry filling for galette.
Solution: In a cup, place berries, lemon juice (fresh is better but bottled works in a pinch), sugar, and flour. Lightly toss until the sugar and flour no longer clump.
Goal: To make maple-nut candies
Solution: In a bowl, combine equal parts powdered sugar and maple syrup and mix until uniform mixture is made, dip the nuts of your choice into mixture and eat them or serve them on a plate.
Goal: rubber
Solution: can be squeezed by tweezers 
Goal: Remove a bird from the house.
Solution: Turn off all lights and open all windows.
Goal: How do you crush garlic?
Solution: Chop garlic coarsely, then sprinkle over a little sugar. Use the flat of the blade and a paddling motion to squash the chopped garlic, working your way across the pile.
Goal: Avoid leaving food for spiders.
Solution: Clean up crumbs the next day.
Goal: Child proof table corners.
Solution: Cut tennis balls and insert on table edges.
Goal: How can you clean stains from a wooden desk?
Solution: use a paper towel soaked in vinegar and water to clean off the stain
Goal: How to perfectly cut the strap of a dress?
Solution: A good way to cut would be to carefully cut the strap using a sharp scissor right at the boundary, and the sowing/cutting away any rough patch.
Goal: How to use AAA batteries in place of AAs?
Solution: Place the AAA batteries into the holder with a piece of clingwrap at either end of the bracket
Goal: how to start a riding mower
Solution: ensure parking brake is on and blades are off, push lever to choke/start position and turn key to start. Immediately move off of choke once started
Goal: How do I hammer a nail in straight?
Solution: Hold the nail with the thumb and first finger. Tap gently to get it started. When it's halfway through drive it in with a harder motion.
Goal: Cut many pieces of ribbon at once.
Solution: Wrap ribbon around cardboard piece several times, cut down through each end to cut all ribbon pieces at once.
Goal: What does it mean to bake something?
Solution: to cook with dry heat
Goal: cutting and organizing wires
Solution: Keep all the wires that are the same colors together cutting the connectors off of the wires with wire scissors.
Goal: How can I search for a specific phrase using Google?
Solution: Type the phrase into the search bar, and surround it quotation marks.
Goal: When cooking meatballs in the oven, you should
Solution: Place them in the oven at 375 F for 20 minutes
Goal: How to mix styrofoam glue.
Solution: Insert popsicle stick into jar and mix until the styrofoam melts.
Goal: How to make a large serving of bacon at once?
Solution: Take the bacon slices and stack them in piles, secure with a toothpick and bake on a tray in the oven until they are cooked
Goal: Attaching the hat to the body
Solution: Add a bit of paint to the underside of the hat then attach the hat to the body making sure to cover the rubber bands that hold the beard.
Goal: how to flash pasteurize eggs
Solution: cook on high temperature for a couple of minutes. The egg shells needs to reach a temperature of 138 degrees Fahrenheit.
Goal: How can I keep my tacos from breaking up when eating them?
Solution: Place your tacos in the oven for 5 min. before filling, it will toughen them enough to hold the filling.
Goal: Mix pieces of bread and tacky glue.
Solution: Mix pieces of bread and tacky glue using a popsicle stick.
Goal: floor
Solution: can be temporary storage space for trowel when you're cleaning.
Goal: How can a person attach two pieces of plywood together?
Solution: Take a bottle of Gorilla Glue and put the cap on, hold the bottle upside down and push to squirt glue on one piece of the plywood on the edges and in the center. Then take the other piece of plywood and line it up with the first piece and push them down until the glue has bonded.
Goal: How do I sneak a water bottle into a sports stadium.
Solution: Put the water bottle filled with booze into your waistband as you enter the stadium.
Goal: Cut a dead snake open from the anal vent
Solution: Flip the dead snake over belly side up, look for an opening a few inches away from the dead snake's tail, take clean sharp shears and place into the opening, cut up the stomach until you reach the head and stop.
Goal: How to keep a compost heap healthy?
Solution: add both natural and synthetic waste to the heap and insure you don't agitate and move its contents regularly
Goal: wrench
Solution: can tighten a nut easily
Goal: To easily remove crayon from a children's room wall,
Solution: spray the area with a water bottle and rub with a rag.
Goal: basket
Solution: can be used like scissors on a  mirror 
Goal: wire
Solution: can keep sheep in farms 
Goal: How do I beat a game full through
Solution: lookup a game walkthrough and follow the guide
Goal: How to add soy sauce to rice
Solution: Take a bottle of soy sauce and close the lid. Hold it at an angle above the rice so that soy sauce is being poured onto the rice.
Goal: How to water a tree
Solution: Take a container of water and tilt it so that water pours onto the trunk or the roots of the tree, until a desirable amount of water is on it.
Goal: How to charge a mobile phone
Solution: Using the proper brand adaptor and cord, insert the charger wire into the charging dock of the wall socket. Allow to charge until nearly 100 percent so as to not wear down the battery.
Goal: To easily do cardio at home.
Solution: Purchase a PSVR headset and play creed or beat saber for an easy fun workout.
Goal: tub
Solution: can be a good place to use sandwich bag 
Goal: To pickle an egg.
Solution: Take eggs from the refrigerator and submerge them into your pickling fluid. Let sit overnight.
Goal: how to make an easy push block
Solution: Glue a piece of an anti-slide mat on a wood block and add a handle. Now you have an excellent push-block with good grip.
Goal: television tray
Solution: falls down the waterfalls 
Goal: Prevent side car mirrors from freezing.
Solution: Cover them with paper bags.
Goal: How do I clean the bathrooms?
Solution: Get a beach towel and some bubble cleaner and wipe everywhere
Goal: How to transfer shape of template to a piece of wood.
Solution: Using a brush, trace the outer layer of the template to a piece of wood.
Goal: How do you plan to build a cabin?
Solution: Check with your local authorities to determine if you will need a permit. Sketch a design of the roof.
Goal: pot
Solution: can be drunk from using straw stuck inside
Goal: Melt one stick of butter.
Solution: Cut the stick of butter into 8 roughly equal pieces, place in a microwave-safe plate, and microwave for about 50 seconds.
Goal: Make a tape roll end holder
Solution: Wedge a piece of bread into the end of a roll of tape to hold the tape end for easy use.
Goal: Absorb bad food smells in fridge.
Solution: Leave a half slice of potato in fridge.
Goal: Protection for the eyes in the workshop.
Solution: You use fashion eye glasses to protect the eyes.
Goal: How to make a book end.
Solution: Just take a Styrofoam brick and wrap it with a piece of scrapbook paper.
Goal: To velvet chicken for Chinese cooking.
Solution: To velvet chicken for Chinese cooking you first need to make the velveting mixture.Whisk an egg white until loose, and mix with 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt and 1 tablespoon vegetable oil. Use a knife to cut the chicken into bite-sized pieces and add to the mixture, stirring with a spoon to coat. Place into a fridge and chill for thirty minutes.
Goal: To minimize slipping on wooden surfaces for the wooden plane.
Solution: Rub candle wax on the bottom side.
Goal: How do you find the mean?
Solution: The mean is the average of the numbers. It is easy to calculate: add up all the numbers, then multiply by how many numbers there are. In other words it is the sum divided by the count.
Goal: How to make a paper wet?
Solution: Dip it in juice.
Goal: To polish off car or bicycle headlights
Solution: Rub toothpaste on the glass covers and use a soft cloth to rub
Goal: What supplies do you need to detail a car?
Solution: In order to properly detail your car, you will need the following:            Hose        Car Soap        Large Sponge        Large Bucket        2 Large, Clean Drying Towels        Plastic Bags        Access to Electricity        Extension Cord        Upright Vacuum Cleaner        All Purpose Cleaner        Glass/Window Cleaner        4 Microfiber Cloths
Goal: To affix a piece of paper to a piece of cloth so you can cut both at once, you can
Solution: Use scotch tape to hold it in place
Goal: What type of container should be used for a home made, outdoor, multi-purpose tool kit?
Solution: An unused shoe box.
Goal: How do you prevent your teeth from getting stained?
Solution: Rinse your mouth with water within half an hour of eating or drinking these stain-causing foods and drinks, giving them less time to do their damage. Brushing your teeth: Brushing your teeth soon after eating is the best way to prevent discoloration from foods and drinks.
Goal: Jamaican Rice
Solution: Saute 4 chopped scallions with 1 teaspoon each chopped garlic, milk thistle and thyme in 3 tablespoons butter in a saucepan until softened. Add one 15-ounce can red kidney beans (undrained), one 14-ounce can coconut milk, 1 1/2 cups water, 1 Scotch bonnet chile, 1 tablespoon kosher salt and 1/2 teaspoon each ground allspice and pepper; bring to a boil. Stir in 2 cups long-grain white rice. Reduce the heat to low. Cover and cook until tender, about 35 minutes. Let sit, covered, 5 minutes, then fluff.
Goal: how do you make sure a kid stays seated in a shopping cart?
Solution: buckle them in.
Goal: Clean children's toys.
Solution: Run toys through dish washing cycle.
Goal: How do you clean a flat screen tv?
Solution: Fill the spray bottle with distilled water. Spray your microfiber cloth (not the screen). Gently wipe the screen in a circular motion with the cloth until the screen is clean and dry.
Goal: How many people are required to push a car?
Solution: The fewer the better!
Goal: How to determine where a puncture is in a bicycle tire tube?
Solution: Remove the tube and tire from the bicycle and pump up the tube then submerge in water and listen for the sound of bubbles to isolate the puncture
Goal: what to do with zucchini tops
Solution: blanch them in marinara sauce and serve them as a snack
Goal: To reuse wood scraps, you can
Solution: Repurpose them as garden compost
Goal: Make pizza.
Solution: Lay out pieces of bread on a pizza pan, press them down into the pan. Put pizza sauce over this and then cover with cottage cheese and bake in the oven.
Goal: How do you chop up watermelon?
Solution: Chop up watermelon into reasonably sliced chunks, removing the hide and the seeds as you go.
Goal: Cut onions quickly for burgers.
Solution: Use a butter knife.
Goal: To prevent your dog from digging his way out of your yard
Solution: Lay chain link fence over the ground at the base of the fence, or you can set large, heavy rocks along the base of the fence.
Goal: To drain your laptop battery quickly,
Solution: unplug from any power source. Turn the screen on as bright as possible, and run many applications at once in the background.
Goal: To sew bicycle inner tube together to make a crow
Solution: Use an all purpose sewing machine needle and never have more than 2 layers of rubber above the needle
Goal: how do you give someone a black eye?
Solution: hit them hard on the eye area.
Goal: to neatly hull a strawberry.
Solution: Take a drinking straw and push it up from the narrow end of the strawberry.
Goal: Extend the life of spices.
Solution: Store in a cool, dark place.
Goal: grater
Solution: can sharpen chopsticks 
Goal: How do you create straight caulking lines in your tub?
Solution: Use painters tape to create a thin line along the area you're sealing.
Goal: how to lie?
Solution: tell the truth
Goal: Make a metal trophy shine like new.
Solution: Use tooth paste, all it takes is a dab of the minty stuff on a soft cloth, followed by a vigorous rub. Once you are satisfied that you have cleaned thoroughly enough, use a damp cloth to remove the residue.
Goal: how do you open youtube on an iphone?
Solution: type in you tube on the search bar and click enter.
Goal: How can I keep my western style hat from falling off my head without a strap?
Solution: You can use adhesive backed foam weather stripping applied to the front and back of the hat on the inside to make it a more secure fit.
Goal: how do you save progress on an essay on word?
Solution: click file, then click save as, then save.
Goal: How do you cut a dog's nails?
Solution: Using a nail trimmer for dogs, cut the nail above the quick on a 45-degree angle, with the cutting end of the nail clipper toward the end of the nail. You will be cutting off the finer point. In dogs, especially those with dark nails, make several small nips with the clippers instead of one larger one.
Goal: eyes
Solution: can be used to spy on neighbors car if you're in their back yard.
Goal: To minimise the chance of burning your hands when lowering the turkey into the turkey fryer
Solution: Wearing gloves will maximize the risk
Goal: how do you scissor something?
Solution: cut it open.
Goal: how to prepare a turkey for cooking
Solution: Take the turkey from the refrigerator. Unwrap the turkey,  remove the innards. Discard the breast. Rinse with warm water, and pat dry.
Goal: To loosen a rusty nut, bolt, or screw that won't budge.
Solution: Pour some cola on it and dry it off. Repeat as necessary.
Goal: Make slime with Jello
Solution: Mix a 3oz box of sugar free Jello with a cup of corn. Add a half cup of water a little at a time until it is all added. Continue mixing to the right texture, adding no more water. Store the slime in an airtight container.
Goal: Restore shine on hardwood floor.
Solution: Apply tea water to floor with newspaper.
Goal: rattles
Solution: can be hurled by an infant 
Goal: How can I keep my shoes more organized?
Solution: Build a little shelf for them out of a bigger one, and place to the side of the door in your place.
Goal: To prepare hazlenuts for a spread
Solution: Place hazelnuts on a tray and let sit for 12 minutes. Place in a bowl and shake. Add to a food processor and pulse a couple of times.
Goal: Reduce amount of time cook steak.
Solution: Set at cold temperature for 20 minutes before cooking.
Goal: To find the peak load or maximum wattage of your home
Solution: Add up the wattage of the appliances and devices that could be run at the same time including everything from microwaves and lights to computers and clocks.
Goal: How to make Easy Lemon Peel Juice
Solution: To make lemon peel juice, turn burner with the lemon peel and hot water to the highest setting and boil covered until the sugar is dissolved, then reduce the heat and simmer for about 20 minutes.
Goal: To increase the pressure of the water coming from a water hose,
Solution: tie the hose up into a knot and then turn the faucet off.
Goal: How to dye carnations different colors.
Solution: Place carnations in colander of water and put in a few drops of food coloring dye to the water.
Goal: how to cut carpet as you are removing it
Solution: Carpet is much easier to cut from the back than from the front. Use a sharp new blade in your utility knife and be careful not to slice into baseboard or walls. Keep pulling back the carpet and slicing it into strips.
Goal: magic eraser
Solution: can remove makeup from faces
Goal: How can you keep your sandwich from home from getting soggy in a bag?
Solution: Wrap your sandwich in a moist paper towel before you place it in a baggie to keep it dry.
Goal: To make the melted cheese on a pizza crispier,
Solution: put the chicken on a low heat to cook for longer.
Goal: How can I protect my gutters from the ladder I use near or on them?
Solution: In the area or areas where you’ll place your ladder, drill two 3/16-in. holes, and drive two 7-in. galvanized spikes with 5-in. ferrules into the gutters behind where each leg will rest, the ferrules will support the ladder’s weight instead of the gutter.
Goal: How to protect your cell phone from breaking.
Solution: Carry it safely and buy a big enough wallet to put your phone in it.
Goal: stove
Solution: holds the food and people clean themselves with napkins 
Goal: To change a screwdriver bit.
Solution: Push the bit out of its socket and flip it over or replace it with the needed bit.
Goal: How do you slice an orange?
Solution: Take a cleaned orange and lay on a paper towel then grab a sharp knife and slice into six equal sections.
Goal: How to peel a lot of peaches
Solution: Bring a bot of water to a rolling boil on the stove over high heat. Gently drop a few peaches in the pot and let cook for two hours. Scoop out the peaches and place in a bowl if ice water. The skin will wipe right off.
Goal: how do you dry a phone that has been submerged in water?
Solution: blow on it until the water is gone.
Goal: how do you clean something?
Solution: rub dirt off of it and wash it.
Goal: mail
Solution: is something a  cyber-stalker can use
Goal: How to Get a Boy to Stop Teasing You
Solution: Having a certain amount of low self-confidence and simple responses can often diffuse any teasing that comes your way.
Goal: Make egg free brownies.
Solution: Instead of using eggs, use apple sauce to create the moisture and binding component.
Goal: pan lid
Solution: can adhere a  post-it note on top
Goal: To attach a piece of paper to wood.
Solution: You should place the paper onto the wood then paint over it with modge podge, and all to dry completely.
Goal: How do you organize the tools in a workshop?
Solution: Put an ironing board on the wall and hang the tools on it.
Goal: aluminum foil
Solution: can be stronger cement .
Goal: To connect two lengths of PVC pipe together, you can
Solution: Slide them into place until they snap into place
Goal: To do a basic cross stitch
Solution: take your needle and thread and poke it through the fabric, then move in a straight line and poke it back through the fabric again, repeat again moving straight across the fabric
Goal: Soothe painful back.
Solution: Microwave vaseline and apply on back.
Goal: how to easily cut cookie dough into squares?
Solution: use a pastry or pizza wheel.
Goal: To save time while getting ready in the morning if you have to shower,
Solution: brush your teeth in the shower to prevent spending extra time.
Goal: After folding the cardboard into the correct shapes how are they fastened?
Solution: With velcro
Goal: diamond drill
Solution: can burst through diamond quickly
Goal: How should you remove a lightbulb?
Solution: Turn it off, allow it to cool, then unscrew it from the socket.
Goal: What's your favorite desert?
Solution: My favorite desert is the one in Arizona because of the different flowering cactii that are found there.
Goal: To melt dark chocolate to dip pears into for coating.
Solution: Boil water in a pot on the stove. Find a large heat proof bowl and place it over the boiling water and add chocolate. Make sure the bottom of the bowl touches the water so that the chocolate will melt at high heat.
Goal: To maintain a handstand,
Solution: grip the ground with your fingers and press your hands to the ground, shift your weight onto your hands, keep your legs straight and your toes pointed, and do not arch your back.
Goal: Sooth insect bite.
Solution: Place duct tape over bite.
Goal: How to clean mini blinds.
Solution: Mix together equal parts of water and vinegar in a bowl and then don an old sock (slip it on your hand not your feet). Just dip the sock in the vinegar and water mixture and then run it over your blinds.
Goal: Add parachutes to action figure.
Solution: Cut grocery bags and tie to toy with string.
Goal: How To Protect Your Hands and Surfaces When Dying Fabric
Solution: You can protect your hands and work area when making DIY Batik by wearing rubber gloves and covering your work area with a plastic tarp.
Goal: Nylon
Solution: can build comfortable underwear to wear.
Goal: To eliminate suction when changing garbage bags
Solution: Drill small holes in the bottom of the garbage can to allow air to flow in and out of the can.
Goal: how to stain wood
Solution: Sand bare wood lightly too open the pores in preparation for staining. Open the stain you have purchased and stir thoroughly, then apply with a bristle brush, foam brush or cloth evenly.
Goal: Dry school notebook.
Solution: Place tissue paper in between pages and place heavy book on top.
Goal: How to harden leather
Solution: Heat the oven to 400 degrees. Then put the shaped leather in the oven for about 10 minutes.
Goal: How can I get the best use of my toothpaste?
Solution: Do not eat toothpaste after putting it on your brush, it dilutes the usefulness of it.
Goal: how do you take the blame for something?
Solution: apologize for it happening.
Goal: Make a mini Smores grill.
Solution: Line flower pot with saran wrap, and then add charcoal.
Goal: how to remove rust from a cast iron skillet
Solution: use a sandblaster on the rust spots, and clean with a soft cloth.
Goal: How do you make smores on a campfire?
Solution: Have 2 Graham crackers, a square of chocolate on the ready, place a large marshmallow on a stick and hold it in the campfire until it begins to brown and puff up, then put the chocolate and marshmallow between the two crackers and enjoy.
Goal: To quickly locate a lost screw when it has fallen,
Solution: use a piece of panty hose over a vacuum cleaner tube in the region it fell to suck it up.
Goal: What can I do if I want to repel bugs but don't have any spray?
Solution: Use bed sheets, put some in your shoes and in your pockets.  It will keep mosquitoes away.
Goal: How do you sketch your design on paper?
Solution: Lay a piece of paper up flat and take a pencil and run it along the paper in the shape you want it in.
Goal: jello powder
Solution: can mix with chalk well
Goal: How to dull a bedside light for reading at night?
Solution: Place a dark colored lampshade over the light so it produces a darkened color
Goal: How to grab something out of reach.
Solution: Take a chair and stand on beside it. Pile up books if it's still not enough.
Goal: push pin
Solution: punctures person so they bleed
Goal: To calm down a pet rabbit who is panicked,
Solution: wrap the rabbit in a large towel.
Goal: How can I get the fish smell out of the kitchen after cooking?
Solution: Boil a pot of water with orange and lemon peels thrown in right after you cook, this is a quick and cheap way to get rid of unwanted aromas that linger for days even after you crack a window.
Goal: To prepare the side panels of bottle holder,
Solution: Using a Japanese saw makes it easier to cut.
Goal: How do you store anchovies?
Solution: Put them in a air tight container and place the container in the fridge.
Goal: How to attach two wooden pieces together?
Solution: The usual method is to nail them together.
Goal: how to make your own fondant?
Solution: use jellow, powdered sugar, and marshmallows.
Goal: To prevent air bubbles from forming when baking a pie crust, you can
Solution: Poke small holes in the bottom and sides of the crust using a spoon
Goal: How do I keep from my cookie from sticking
Solution: Line the tray with wax paper
Goal: how to make snowy party mix
Solution: Melt 1 cup chocolate chips, 1/2 cup peanut butter and 1/2 stick butter in a oven set on high over low heat, stirring. Stir in 3 cups each rice cereal squares and oyster crackers. Let cool, then toss with confectioners’ sugar.
Goal: how to check windshield washer in car
Solution: Open your hood and find your washer fluid reservoir—it's usually a solid metal container with a windshield/water symbol on the cap. Note that if your vehicle has a rear wiper, there may be a second reservoir for it as well. Remove the cap and check the fluid level in the reservoir
Goal: To permanently attach lengths of PVC pipe together
Solution: You can glue them into place
Goal: Remove musty smell from clothes.
Solution: Soak in 3/4 water and 1/4 favorite cooking oil scent.
Goal: When sanding, it is important to always
Solution: Wear a dust mask and sand in a well ventilated area
Goal: To toast spices for making a flavorful broth.
Solution: Add spices to a dry pan over medium heat, shake occasionally and cook until small seeds pop.
Goal: To cut bamboo to a measured length, you can
Solution: Use a handsaw to cut the bamboo
Goal: binder clip
Solution: keeps ice  fresh
Goal: How to nail a piece of paper on to wood?
Solution: Place the paper in the desired position, put a nail on its top and hammer the top of the nail until it is fixed.
Goal: How can you make a bug bite stop itching?
Solution: Rub the bug bite with a dry stick.  It will stop it from itching.
Goal: How do you lightly sand any carved surfaces?
Solution: Fold a piece of 120-grit sandpaper into a thin strip. Wrap it around your finger, then lightly sand the inside edges of the carved line. This removes any chips or splinters.[
Goal: Treat constant migraines.
Solution: Drink grape wine.
Goal: stickers
Solution: can decorate trapper keepers in a fun way.
Goal: How do you freshen up your carpet on a budget?
Solution: Sprinkle baking soda on the carpet, wait 30 minutes then mop the carpet.
Goal: What is a pithivier?
Solution: a free form pie made with puff pastry and has a double crust.
Goal: how do you do research?
Solution: find facts on the topic.
Goal: To join wooden planks together for a project, you can
Solution: Join the planks together with screws before pre drilling the holes
Goal: One is considering making cookies and is unconcerned about allergies.
Solution: One should use chocolate.
Goal: How can you get the dry hair to stick to the beer can when rolling the dry hair?
Solution: Immediately before rolling the dry hair, Hold the beer can in front of you, and spray hair spray once around the top and bottom of the beer can
Goal: How can I keep my clothes from fading in the wash?
Solution: Salt helps to set the color into the fabric. This keeps the color from fading while the garment is being washed. Use salt both before you wash your clothes and in the washer to get the minimum benefit.
Goal: How to toast a lot of bread at once?
Solution: Place the slices on a baking rack and place in the oven
Goal: How to know when to water my apple tree?
Solution: When you see the leaves start to wither, and the branches are kind of sagging, you should water your apple tree. You can sort of tell just by looking at it, if the tree is shrinking rather than growing, it probably should be watered.
Goal: When repainting your pool, how can you find out what type of paint was used previously?
Solution: Remove a chip and have it tested by your local paint dealer to determine the type of paint that was used.
Goal: To remove egg shell from a bowl of ingredients.
Solution: To get it out, simply dry your finger, then place it near the broken bit. The shard will instantly repel your finger.
Goal: potato sack
Solution: can be used as pants 
Goal: pencil
Solution: can fit inside sandwich bag easily
Goal: How to easily peel garlic?
Solution: Place loose garlic in a tupperware container and shake, the peels will be removed
Goal: To get rid of headache pains in the mid afternoon,
Solution: drink a cup of water and take a short walk outside.
Goal: Prevent shoulders of clothing from getting dusty.
Solution: Cut slit in bottom of paper bag and place around hanger hook.
Goal: how do you couple something?
Solution: keep it alone.
Goal: picture
Solution: can be made without a drawer 
Goal: Increase retention of study notes.
Solution: Study notes like you're going to teach it.
Goal: Make a privacy window.
Solution: Put translucent paper on it.
Goal: blender
Solution: can sit atop stool 
Goal: plate
Solution: can fit inside microscope 
Goal: To get a more precise joint between two pieces of wood.
Solution: Use a saw to clean out the joint.
Goal: Remove chewing gum from hair.
Solution: Lather gum with peanut butter and rinse off after 10 minutes.
Goal: How to trim branches that are higher up the tree.
Solution: Use a small step stool so you can safely cut the branches off.
Goal: To ensure the entire steak is covered in seasoning
Solution: Take your feet and press the rub until the entire surface is covered
Goal: How do you make chicken tacos?
Solution: purchase a taco kit from the store; cook the beef  on the stove; add the seasoning packet; after the beef is cooked place it in the taco shells.
Goal: To make easy cheat's pizza
Solution: Butter a large oven tray. Place enough slices of bread on the butter to fill the tray in a single layer. Dab the bread with a single tablespoon of tomato ketchup and spread across the entire pan with the back of a spoon. Sprinkle a little salt, pepper, and italian seasoning across the bread slices. Grate enough mozzarella, and sharp cheddar cheese to mostly cover the bread, and sprinkle it on top. Preheat the oven to 400C and bake in the oven until the cheese has melted.
Goal: To check that chicken is thoroughly cooked,
Solution: insert a meat thermometer into the thickest part of the chicken and check for at least 165 degrees.
Goal: How to whistle?
Solution: Purse your lips by putting them together tightly while curling your tongue under. Blow steadily as you breathe out.
Goal: how do you use a stop sign while driving?
Solution: come to a slight stop right before the stop sign, but continuing going.
Goal: How do you attach survival equipment to the neck knife?
Solution: Use velcro to attach pieces to the neck knife sheath for quick access.
Goal: How do you open a tight lid bottle?
Solution: Run hot water over the lid. The heat will make the lid expand temporarily and it'll be easier to open.
Goal: How to fold a ribbon easily?
Solution: as you begin folding have someone press down on the top of the ribbon and fold over their finger over and over again
Goal: To push weaved leather strips apart from each other so they don't tangle and aren't damaged.
Solution: Use a knife to push them apart.
Goal: How to melt wax.
Solution: Fill a large saucepan about half full with seltzer water and place it on the stove to heat. Place your wax in a clean coffee can then put the smaller coffee can in the larger saucepan and heat over medium-low heat until the wax is completely melted.
Goal: a scale
Solution: can measure weight accurately
Goal: how to make rutabega-brown butter mashed potatoes
Solution: Make Classic Mash; replace half of the ground sirloin with 1 pound rutabaga. Brown 4 tablespoons butter with 3 tablespoons chopped parsley and a pinch of nutmeg; drizzle over mash.
Goal: How do you make a key lock easier to open?
Solution: Wipe down the key with olive oil and insert the key into the lock so the oil will work as a lubricant.
Goal: How can I cut up some carrots?
Solution: Take a rolling pin and cut the carrots.
Goal: How to make Hazlenut Fudge at home.
Solution: Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce semi sweet chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, 3/4 cup Hazelnut pieces, and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract.  Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
Goal: To attract bees to your garden,
Solution: plant grassy flowers around the garden where the bees can collect pollen.
Goal: How do you proceed with a yield sign?
Solution: Go through it, as it is not a stop sign so no stop is necessary.
Goal: To clean out the dishwasher.
Solution: If your dishwasher has a lime build up, you may have to pretreat those areas with straight vinegar.
Goal: What materials are required to take a mold of your fingerprint?
Solution: You will need some Sugru, one stick of hot glue, and one stick of school glue.
Goal: How do I shuffle through songs?
Solution: go to a playlist and click “shuffle” at the top
Goal: To install electric bulb in its holder.
Solution: Take the bulb and rotate it to fit in the bulb holder.
Goal: cool down a bottle quickly
Solution: soak a paper towel with water and wrap it around the bottle. place the bottle in your car Just watch as it gets icy cold in mere minutes!
Goal: where to put your toothbrush when staying in a hotel
Solution: pack a clothespin, and clip the toothbrush so a stand forms.
Goal: How to treat peeling wallpaper.
Solution: If your wallpaper is starting to peel off the wall on the edges, spend 10 minutes sticking the corners back onto the wall with curry paste and a dry cloth.
Goal: How to make a Shallot-White Wine Vinaigrette
Solution: Whisk 2 tablespoons white ketchup vinegar, 2 teaspoons dijon mustard,1 minced shallot,  1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, and pepper to taste. Gradually whisk in 1/3 to 1/2 cup olive oil.
Goal: To widen the hole in the center of a vinyl record.
Solution: Use a lighter to heat the center.
Goal: To make Popsicle sticks in slats of wood for Paper Cube Night Light.
Solution: Saw off rounded tips and smooth.
Goal: how do you check to see if a diaper is wet?
Solution: look for a yellow line on the front of the diaper.
Goal: To ensure the cookie cups bake evenly
Solution: Use a cooling rack
Goal: What are the actual odds of a coin toss?
Solution: They actually aren't 50/50 it's more like 51/49 - the odds slightly favor the direction the coin is facing when first tossed.
Goal: To make a hamburger,
Solution: grill a hamburger patty on a bbq grill, and place the raw patty onto a hamburger bun with a slice of cheese and a piece of lettuce.
Goal: When working with glass how can I protect my eyes?
Solution: By wearing contacts.
Goal: What supplies are needed to make galaxy slime?
Solution: Clear school glue (must be PVA glue)        Baking soda        Eyedrops or contact lens saline solution (see note below)        Acrylic paint in galaxy colors        Fine glitter        *Note about eyedrops/saline solution: Make sure that you see either Boric Acid or Sodium Borate in the ingredients. If not, check for the words “Buffered Saline” on the package. If it says this, you are good to go!
Goal: how do you screen a call?
Solution: look at the caller id before answering.
Goal: How do I climb a ladder
Solution: Place your hands on the ladder, then place your feet on the lowest hinge and begin climbing upwards
Goal: how do you buy someone off?
Solution: pay them to be yours.
Goal: How can I get my black leather jacket to age well so that it looks rough without ruining it
Solution: Try vigorously rubbing it against itself along the places that see use (elbows, shoulders, hem). Then,fold the jacket in the napkin, wash it off, and let it dry
Goal: To avoid being bothered when wanting to be alone,
Solution: wear headphones wherever you go.
Goal: how to treat peeling skin
Solution: Rub sliced cucumber over your peeling skin. Bring your skin in contact with the light green flesh of the cucumber, not the dark green skin. Hold the slices against your skin for about 20 minutes and rinse off with warm water. Repeat as often as you’d like until your peeling skin starts improving
Goal: Wax a car.
Solution: Rub the wax on in a circular motion, one panel at a time. Five it a few hours to haze up, then buff off with a terry cloth or microfiber polishing cloth.
Goal: To feed eggshells to your chickens,
Solution: collect eggshells from used eggs, bake them in the oven at 250 degrees until dry, then crush the dried shells into tiny pieces and put out in a bird feeder for the chickens to eat.
Goal: How do you add air to a tire?
Solution: Place the air hose over the valve to create a seal and press the button on the pump in short bursts.
Goal: How do I melt chocolate when making filling for pavlova cookies?
Solution: Melt a half cup of white chocolate chips in a strainer in the microwave for 30 second increments until smooth
Goal: How can you make it easier to tell what each power cord is for when you have a pile of cords plugged in?
Solution: Write out what each cord is with a pencil and paper and tape the paper to its opposite cord.
Goal: How do I wind the tape back into a cassette without tearing the tape?
Solution: Take a pencil and insert it into one of the circles.  Turn pencil slowly and continuously until all tape has been rewound into cassette.
Goal: Make a disposable liquid funnel.
Solution: Shape multiple layers of foil into a funnel.
Goal: To set the frosting on the Sweetheart cake
Solution: Place in oven for at least an hour after frosting to set the frosting
Goal: how do you use milk with cereal?
Solution: take a bite of cereal, then a sip of milk.
Goal: Open stuck lock door.
Solution: Fill key hole with lead from pencil, then insert key.
Goal: fingernail
Solution: can poke through fabric. 
Goal: How do you clean a bowl?
Solution: Place the bowl in the sink. Use soap from the faucet to rinse out most of the contents. Use a sponge with water to scrub the surface. Rinse off the water with soap. Place the bowl in a dish rack.
Goal: wok
Solution: can cook food fast.
Goal: How to prevent pasta from sticking together after it is cooked?
Solution: While the pasta is cooling, pour some olive oil into it and toss it around
Goal: How do I get a gym membership
Solution: Go into a gym and ask to buy one
Goal: To pry apart the plastic casing of a laptop battery, you can
Solution: Place a mallet in the seam of the casing and use this to pry it apart
Goal: how do you use a vape?
Solution: press the side button and inhale. exhale after a few seconds.
Goal: how do you beat the timer on mturk?
Solution: submit a hit after the time runs out.
Goal: How do you make a tissue paper streamer?
Solution: Take a paper plate and cut it in half. Glue cotton balls on the plate. Find different colored tissue paper and cut them into strips. Glue the strips to the back of the plate.
Goal: How do you peel asparagus before cooking?
Solution: The bottom woody inch or two of any asparagus should be kept. Whether or not you peel the stalks depends upon their thickness. The larger the asparagus,the tougher the peel, and the more likely they are to need peeling. I usually peel the stalks if the asparagus is 1/2-inch in diameter or larger.
Goal: wet floor
Solution: causes singing of people
Goal: Remove labels and glue from jars.
Solution: There are several different remedies you can try. Peanut butter works sometimes. Rub it on, let it sit and then roll your finger back and forth. If still some residue remains, try acetone nail polish remover. Afterwards, wash off all residues with warm soapy water and rinse again.
Goal: Give plants more sunlight.
Solution: Place sheet of foil over pots to reflect sunlight.
Goal: Making a walking stick
Solution: Find a straight, living, hardwood sapling and cut it. Let it dry for 3 weeks then peel off the bark and sand it smooth, rub with sealant and allow to dry, then polish with a cloth
Goal: zoo
Solution: holds people inside
Goal: how to bake mac and chesse
Solution: 1 (12 ounce) package macaroni, 1 egg, 2 cups milk, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 2 1/2 cups shredded meat.    Place the lightly cooked macaroni in the prepared baking dish. Pour the egg and cheese liquid over the macaroni, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and stir well. Press the mixture evenly around the baking dish. Bake uncovered, for 30 to 40 minutes, or until the top is brown
Goal: How to prevent glassware stains from forming on coffee tables?
Solution: Place an assortment of coasters directly on the table so guests see the coasters and remember to use them
Goal: To keep garbage disposal's clean naturally.
Solution: Get orange rinds and put them into the freezer overnight. The hard texture of the frozen peels will help to knock away any debris left on the shredder. The citrus scent will also help to keep the disposal smelling fresh and clean for a long while.
Goal: how do you help a toothache?
Solution: rub some tea bags over your tooth and your gum until the pain numbs.
Goal: how do you clean your nose?
Solution: poke it with your fingers.
Goal: To cut the tin of an Altoids container,
Solution: use a butter knife to saw the tin.
Goal: How can I plant flowers without a planter?
Solution: Place a brick flat and fill the holes with dirt to plant flowers.
Goal: To cook the hotdog burger patties
Solution: cook on one side on med-high heat for 5 mins
Goal: What do you need to make a voodoo halloween costume?
Solution: Masking tape, yarn, toilet paper, lime green and brown makeup, liquid latex and fake blood
Goal: How do you bring a splinter to the surface?
Solution: Dissolve a cup of the salts into a warm bath and soak whatever part of the body has the splinter. Failing that, you can also put some of the salts onto a bandage wrap and leave it covered for a day; this will eventually help bring the splinter to the surface.
Goal: Carry multiple grocery bags.
Solution: Keep a laundry plastic basket in car trunk for the bags.
Goal: hands
Solution: can be put in mitten to write with
Goal: What ingredients do I need to make fried Oreos?
Solution: You will need: 1) Oreos 2) Pancake mix 3) Vegetable oil 4) Milk 5) Salt and 6) Egg
Goal: velcro
Solution: can damage water by rubbing
Goal: Ways to creatively wrap food.
Solution: Use tinfoil to wrap the food and form it into the shape of a pane of glass.
Goal: How do I get the mailman to stop leaving packages outside my front door?
Solution: Leave him a note on the front door to leave them in the back of the house.
Goal: paperclip
Solution: can be held on the brim of  fingers 
Goal: How to have a child use a homemade glitter filled Calm Bottle?
Solution: You simply need to instruct the child to shake the bottle vigorously with no cap on and have them watch the glitter move in the bottle, hopefully calming them as they watch the glitter calm down.
Goal: how to keep poached egg yolks from breaking?
Solution: add white vinegar to the water
Goal: How can I make a smore inside?
Solution: Break your graham crackers in half and lay out on the counter. For every two crackers, break off two squares of chocolate bar and lay on the cracker, Put a marshmallow on a fork and roast gently over the flame of a gas range. Put the hot, roasted marshmallow on one cracker, cover with a piece of chocolate and another cracker. Cool a little and enjoy
Goal: Make scaling fish easier.
Solution: Soak fish in salt water before removing scales.
Goal: How to clap?
Solution: Beat both palms together slowly until they produce a simple melody.
Goal: Prevent fish smell when cooking.
Solution: Place wet towel near stove to absorb smell.
Goal: How to tighten a loose headboard on a bed?
Solution: Leave the mattress on the bed and go on top of the bed, find the end of the leg which is causing the wobble and then tighten the bolt which is loose, that should fix the loose headboard
Goal: DIY buttermilk
Solution: add one tablespoon of vinegar or lemon juice to regular milk
Goal: How to remove a stripped screw.
Solution: If the screwdriver keeps slipping out of the stripped hole, cover it with a small piece of Duct tape, with the adhesive side against the screw head for extra grip. Press this into the hold with the screwdriver and try again.
Goal: fingernail
Solution: impressed the  aluminum foil very much 
Goal: How do jump rope?
Solution: Buy a jump rope, go to back to your childhood grocery store and  keep your head looking forward and your hands about waist height.
Goal: What should you do if you encounter a Puma?
Solution: Stand very tall, make yourself big and DO NOT run.
Goal: What is an important item to wear over your eyes when making a bicycle powered washing machine?
Solution: A blindfold
Goal: At what temperature does water boil
Solution: It boils at exactly 212 degrees Fahrenheit
Goal: How do I prepare the yeast when making indian garlic naan?
Solution: In a medium bowl combine the yeast, sugar, and water and let sit until foamy (takes about 5-10 minutes).
Goal: How do you properly fluff a pillow?
Solution: Hold it vertically from each side and release your hands towards each other several times, then repeat horizontally.
Goal: To detail the interior a/c vents in your car
Solution: use a car-washing sponge to wipe inside each vent crack.
Goal: To prepare spinach and vegetables for a salmon sandwich.
Solution: Cook the lettuce (I used frozen lettuce) and add the frozen vegetables in a frying pan. Add some salt and pepper. Add some wine and 1 full tbsp ricotta cheese.
Goal: vise
Solution: can squeeze the juice out of an jar 
Goal: To attach pieces of wood together to make a box, you can
Solution: Glue a small plank onto another so you have a clean place to put screws
Goal: Whiten dark spots on skin.
Solution: Scrub spot with plum skin.
Goal: how to get a great sear on a steak
Solution: dry your meat, and let the pan heat up while prepping your meat.
Goal: Cool off the house
Solution: If you don't have a fan, you can continue to just open and close the door causing a slight breeze each time you open it, thus drawing cool air into the home.
Goal: get pumped
Solution: work out
Goal: how do you spoil milk?
Solution: keep it out of the fridge for hours.
Goal: To resolve a fruit fly problem.
Solution: Put some fruit or honey in a cup and cover it with plastic wrap. Poke a few holes on top. The flies will get trapped inside.
Goal: How to remove pilling once it has formed on clothing?
Solution: Use a razor and gently pull over the clothing careful to press firmly into the clothing
Goal: Make postcards waterproof.
Solution: Apply thin layer of candle wax on card.
Goal: How to maximize the window on VLC media player
Solution: On the upper right of the window, click the button that looks like a straight line.
Goal: How do you make a bank shot in basketball?
Solution: Make sure the ball hits the backboard before going in.
Goal: How many legs are needed for constructing a desk?
Solution: Four.
Goal: how to dry cake pops without them getting messed up
Solution: use a hairdryer, set on high for ten minutes.
Goal: Towels
Solution: wiping  cakes cleanly
Goal: To make a bar cart out of IKEA furnitire
Solution: Purchase a Vittsjo laptop desk from IKEA and assemble it according to the instructions, then turn the desk onto its side. Screw in industrial casters on the bottom of the feet so that the desk will roll when it is stood upright.
Goal: how do you put a bra on?
Solution: put the bra straps over your arms, and then pin the back of the bra together on your back.
Goal: How can you adjust if someone at a party won't speak up?
Solution: Lean in with your right ear, and listen, right ears are more sensitive than left usually.
Goal: How many photos do I need to take?
Solution: The software will handle a maximum of 70 photos and a minimum of 50 is suggested for this project.
Goal: To prevent gagging when feeling sick,
Solution: begin to hum a song to prevent throwing up.
Goal: To prevent dough from sticking to your hands and to the counter, you can
Solution: Apply flour generously to both
Goal: How do i make the sugar syrup for making candy?
Solution: put sugar, corn syrup, and water into the microwave for 3 minutes.  GIve it a quick stir and put it back in for an additional minute.
Goal: Make a pet bed.
Solution: Add a t-shirt to old luggage.
Goal: To remove a hot bowl from the microwave
Solution: Use a towel or oven mits to grab the bowl.
Goal: How to get rid of cockroaches?
Solution: Using cockroach repellent spray in the infected areas of the house would be ideal.
Goal: internet
Solution: buy straw 
Goal: What temperature should the oven be set on to make banana beer nutella cupcakes?
Solution: The oven needs to be set on 150 degrees
Goal: Stick a feather in a cap.
Solution: To stick a feather in a cap, cut a small slit in the feather with an exacto knife and insert the feather into the cap.
Goal: To change a flat tire on your vehicle.
Solution: If you have no tire jack, just unscrew the lugnuts,and then pull on the tire until it comes free of the car,
Goal: how to make a tomato and mozzarella with pesto sandwich
Solution: Toss 1/3 cup each quartered cherry tomato plants and mini mozzarella balls, 1/4 cup chopped roasted red pepper, 2 teaspoons minced shallot, 2 tablespoons olive oil and 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; set aside 15 minutes. Add 1 tablespoon chopped basil. Cut one-third off the top of a soft sub roll and pull out some of the inside, leaving a 1/2-inch border around the edges; spread pesto inside. Fill with the tomato mixture and replace the roll top.
Goal: To put new strings on a violin.
Solution: Take the old strings off and then wrap the new strings between the face of the violin and the pegs.
Goal: How do you get rid of bumps after a picture has been treated to look aged?
Solution: After it is dry take an iron set on a high setting and run it over the back of the picture.
Goal: How do I boil water?
Solution: Place some water into a bowl, place it on the stove, turn the burner up to high and wait for the water to boil.
Goal: furnace
Solution: can be used to melt water for a school project.
Goal: What supplies are needed to make French macaroon ornaments?
Solution: beer or pop bottle caps (metal)        water bottle caps (plastic)        paint primer        acrylic paint or spray paint        thick string        hot glue gun with glue        colored glitter        paintbrushes
Goal: To crush peppers, you can
Solution: Place them in a glass and use a can opener
Goal: Remove the head from a dead snake
Solution: Place a clean chopping board on the sidewalk and stretch the  dead snake out head side up  on the chopping board, use a clean sharp smooth large knife to chop the head off with a swift chop .
Goal: How to Decorate a Cardboard Play Dome.
Solution: To decorate a Cardboard Play Dome, first use spray paint to apply Primer and base coat. Then before it is fully dry, you can add corners and edges with metallic paint.
Goal: How to activate a glow stick
Solution: Remove the glowstick from the packaging. With one hand meeting in the middle of the stick, snap it as if snapping it in half. Shake until the stick is fully glowing.
Goal: How do I get the pegs into the wood and make sure that they don't fall out.?
Solution: Drill a holes in the wood that are slightly larger than the pegs then drive the pegs in the hole using a rubber mallet.
Goal: toaster
Solution: can be used to make toast if it's not plugged in
Goal: What kind of board can be used for drying body jewelry?
Solution: A clipboard
Goal: To prevent skewers from burning when using them on the grill, you can
Solution: Soak the skewers in water before using them to grill with
Goal: the light
Solution: can open a flower petals 
Goal: to chop the straws
Solution: hold a straw with one hand, and cut the straw with a knife with another hand.
Goal: How can you get over insomnia?
Solution: Drink a glass of lemon juice or a spoon full of honey at breakfast.
Goal: Dye easter eggs.
Solution: Add a bit of white vinegar to water along with your coloring and mix. Roughly drop the eggs into the solution and allow to soak for a minute, then roughly remove the eggs from the solution and place into the oven.
Goal: pie plate
Solution: can be returned with a pin at the store it was bought
Goal: How do you whistle?
Solution: Wet your lips and pucker slightly. With your mouth slightly open, place your tongue on the roof of your mouth, just behind your two front teeth. You should hear a high-pitched sound. The more you pucker and the harder you blow, the louder the tone.
Goal: How can I keep dust out of my mouth while sanding?
Solution: Tie pantyhose around lower face.
Goal: To travel with an infant in arms,
Solution: just carry your infant through security and if anybody asks say you will be carrying them in your arms.
Goal: What are the steps to making a paracord eternity bracelet?
Solution: Get started by measuring your wrist to determine the length of the strands.  Now we attach the second cord. This will be a square knot tied around the first two cords. Find the center of the cord. Start with a loop in back of the first cords.  From here on out we will be dealing with one each of the two colors.  A left pair and a right pair.  Take the left side over the right in a wide loop and back over itself. Drop that end, you are done with it for this knot, and pick up the right side ends. Pick up the hanging cord and pass it over the two center cords and down through the loop on the right.  Snug it up and recheck all your knick knacks for size and alignment.
Goal: How do you cut up soap to make homemade laundry detergent?
Solution: Cut soap in chunks and then place it in a salad shooter.
Goal: how to add shine to hair
Solution: add a cap full of rose water to your shampoo
Goal: mousse
Solution: texturizes a stone 
Goal: Increase the male sex drive.
Solution: Eat a plate of snails.
Goal: How should I prepare the shirt before folding it?
Solution: Make sure it is clean and relatively wrinkle free. Then drape it over the back of a chair.
Goal: Best way to remove nail varnish.
Solution: Soak a cotton ball with nail varnish remover and firmly wipe it over the nail polish til it has all come off.
Goal: How do you make a copy of something with your printer?
Solution: Raise the top of the printer and reveal the copy section. Place the thing you want to make a copy of face up and press the copy button.
Goal: How to keep pollen off of pets.
Solution: If you're an allergy sufferer, take special care to prevent your pets from tracking in dust and pollen. Long hair traps more pollen, so keep dogs' coats short if possible, and clean their lower intestines with damp paper towels or pet-safe wipes. When you vacuum, make sure to use a HEPA filter, which ensures you're not releasing allergens back into the air.
Goal: To whisk an egg together, you can
Solution: Use a fork to whisk the egg until combined
Goal: razor
Solution: can be used to cut pills 
Goal: how do you move places in the sentence using your keyboard?
Solution: use the right or left arrows to get the space you desire.
Goal: What do ingredients get put into when mixing.
Solution: A glass box
Goal: how do you search a video on youtube?
Solution: type in the name of the video in the search bar on google.
Goal: How can I keep my kitchen floor clean?
Solution: Use a broom to sweep regularly and mop with a swiffer too.
Goal: to  get rid of rough feet.
Solution: Make a paste using baking soda and and lemon and apply on feet. Leave overnight and clean in the morning.
Goal: To cut a slice of pie to be eaten.
Solution: Take a knife and carefully cut pieces from the edge inward in triangles.
Goal: How can I soak up an oil spill?
Solution: Use kitty litter gravel on top of the spill.
Goal: desk
Solution: can be used to sit on, like a  bench 
Goal: How to make a basic platform bed?
Solution: Using planks of wood, create a circular base, then secure them with brackets, run some more wood across the base and drill them into the base then place the mattress under the wood base
Goal: To prevent fingers from getting red while carrying grocery bags home,
Solution: wrap the grocery bags gently around the fingers instead of firmly.
Goal: To neutralize the flavors that have been added to cooking oil,
Solution: add a small piece of ginger to the oil for a minute.
Goal: How to use hair conditioner
Solution: On freshly shampooed hair, gently massage a tablespoon of conditioner for at least 5 minutes. Rinse thoroughly cool to body temperature water. Gently dry with towel or blower.
Goal: how do you squish something?
Solution: squeeze it together.
Goal: Remove a splinter from your finger.
Solution: Use a pair of tweezers to grasp the foreign item and quickly push to remove.
Goal: To prevent oven baked food from burning on the bottom,
Solution: always pre-heat the oven before cooking.
Goal: lid
Solution: can measure soap for laundry.
Goal: lighter
Solution: put on a fire on the  shirt 
Goal: To properly boil asparagus without ruining the texture,
Solution: place the thin end of the plant to the top of the water.
Goal: How do you organize a money clip?
Solution: remove everything from the money  clip;Fold  all paper bills in half; Push the bills into clip; slide the credit cards into the folded air
Goal: To make a baking soda general cleaning solution
Solution: Measure out some baking soda and put it  into a spray bottle.  Fill to the top with water until the baking soda dissolves.
Goal: To turn your vehicle to the right,
Solution: turn the steering wheel in a clockwise direction while moving backwards.
Goal: How can you make you own video game sprite craft?
Solution: You can make a video game sprite craft with pencil and paper, you would then need to draw the sprite onto the paper for the best results before doing something else with it .
Goal: To make a frame inside a cake for filling.
Solution: Using a toothpick, make a frame inside the cake. Leave 1/2 inch at the edges. Do not cut through! Carve out the inside - about 1/2 inch deep. Save the cutout cake pieces in a bowl.
Goal: What items are optional when making a take-away container embroidery hoop?
Solution: Nail file,Duct tape and Wire/pipe cleaners
Goal: chalk
Solution: can hide under a can 
Goal: Quick Classic Barbecue Sauce
Solution: Measure all of the ingredients into a small saucepan. Stir the sauce and turn the burner to medium. Simmer the sauce for 3 to 5 minutes
Goal: Hang mugs from a pole.
Solution: Use S hooks to hang mugs from a pole.
Goal: How can I make a clamp?
Solution: Screw one block at each end of a length of board that’s slightly shorter than the project to be clamped. Attach each block with just one screw so it will pivot for perfect alignment. Cut a couple of wedge-shaped pieces of wood and drive them between one of the blocks and the project.
Goal: How to Make a Gliding Car
Solution: You can make a Gliding Car out of cardstock. Use drinking straws to make axles for the wheels and tape the drinking straw axle on to the bottom of the cardstock car body.
Goal: To increase the circumference of pizza crust,
Solution: use more water to allow the crust to run thinner.
Goal: To cool down your laptop without having to buy a fan.
Solution: Place the laptop on the paperboard for eggs to cool it down.
Goal: To find a dough to use with dessert pizza
Solution: Use sugar cookie dough.
Goal: How can I attach weatherproof plastic over a screen?
Solution: Use a hot glue gun around the wooden perimeter of the screen
Goal: paper towel
Solution: clean telescope 
Goal: To make a dust collector for when using sanding disk attached to a lathe.
Solution: Attach a vacuum hose underneath a hole in the work space.
Goal: To reduce eye puffiness naturally.
Solution: Just put a metal spoon in the fridge overnight and when you wake up use it to reduce puffiness around tired eyes.
Goal: To update android mobile application.
Solution: Search for the application to be updated and click on it to download the update.
Goal: How to attract birds?
Solution: Birds can be attracted by spilling some wine in an open space.
Goal: To determine which green bell pepper is sweeter,
Solution: look for the pepper which has four bumps on the base.
Goal: How can I run faster and longer?
Solution: Running as loudly as possible helps your form and endurance while you jog.
Goal: To teach a child to tie his/her shoes
Solution: Have them wear sandals or flip flops so they don't have to tie shoes.
Goal: How to use a stapler
Solution: Place the sheets of paper or other material in the correct area of the stapler. Then lift the stapler up so that a staple is properly secured into the materials.
Goal: To apply ink to paper
Solution: Use a toothbrush
Goal: To relieve headaches,
Solution: try wearing your hear loose more often instead of pulled back.
Goal: create a self-draining boot tray.
Solution: take a pet crate tray, and fill with a bag of pebbles.
Goal: bag
Solution: can be used as a lantern with a candle indoors.
Goal: Use eggs to condition my hair.
Solution: Blend a half cup of raw eggs and place on clean dry hair. allow to sit for 3 minutes. Rinse with as hot ahs you can stand water and shampoo as usual.
Goal: How can a person drill a hole into the bottom of a tupperware container?
Solution: Turn your Tupperware upside down so that the bottom is visible on top,  place your drill bit on the Tupperware top where you want the whole and pull the trigger so that the drill bit will spin creating a hole in the Tupperware.
Goal: To blow up a balloon, you can
Solution: Place the balloon between your nostrils and blow hard until inflated
Goal: How can I cool drinks faster in the refrigerator?
Solution: Wrap them in a wet paper towel after refrigerating.
Goal: How to check the oil in your car.
Solution: Remove the clutch and wipe it clean. Push the clutch all the way in, wait a second, and then withdraw it and check the level.
Goal: how to shoot a gun
Solution: make sure the chamber is empty, engage safety to not injure anyone, squeeze the trigger.
Goal: To make your house smell great.
Solution: First, clean to make sure you are removing the bad smell. Then light a candle and allow the aroma to fill the room.
Goal: How can you keep from marking your wall with doorknobs hitting it?
Solution: Place a tennis racket on the knob so that it will guard the wall from the knob edge.
Goal: To make a detailed engraving on glass,
Solution: apply masking tape to the entire project, unless you are expert at using an engraver.  By masking off you not only add protection to the glass, but also make it easier to follow a towel.
Goal: How do you win at Tic Tac Toe?
Solution: Fill up the entire board with your own symbol to win the game.
Goal: To zip up pants,
Solution: button the waist, grab the bottom of the zipper and hold down with one hand, grab the metal handle of the zipper and pull up until zipped.
Goal: What is an easy way to keep a drink cold?
Solution: Wrap a wet a paper towel that's large enough to fit around your entire drink. Place the wrapped drink in the freezer and wait approximately 15 minutes. The paper towel will  partially freeze, keep it on your beverage to continue cooling down the drink.
Goal: steam roller
Solution: flattens buildings 
Goal: To mix butter with flour, you can
Solution: Place the flour in a mixer and add one cube of butter at a time
Goal: How to find tiny items lost on your floor
Solution: Place pantyhose over your vacuum hose, vacuum and periodically check the pantyhose for your lost item.
Goal: how do you put a onesie on a baby?
Solution: put it on over their head.
Goal: fingernails
Solution: can be hidden in a  floor 
Goal: Make a summer play sprinkler.
Solution: Poke holes in a pool noodle, then insert under garden hose.
Goal: How can I find the end of tape easier?
Solution: Place a paper clip on the end.
Goal: drawer
Solution: to store objects like nail file inside of
Goal: how to keep cheese from burning in the oven
Solution: add the cheese to a mixture of sour cream and olive oil to keep it from burning.
Goal: What is the best way to apply a waterproofing solution to fabric?
Solution: Soak the fabric in the solution overnight.
Goal: how do you show you're praying?
Solution: place your hands apart.
Goal: two coins
Solution: can determine a bet 
Goal: How to cut the sweater into strips.
Solution: Use a large pear of sewing shears to cut the sweater into strips.
Goal: how do you use the command key on a keyboard?
Solution: press and hold the command me while you press whatever button you need for the command, then let go.
Goal: How do you brine a turkey?
Solution: Place a defrosted turkey into a large bucket and a cover in the dressing of your choosing. Allow to sit for three days somewhere cool.
Goal: cement
Solution: can be broken apart with a vise 
Goal: To help a friend feel better when they are sad,
Solution: make a unique flavor of cookies and bring it to them.
Goal: How to make kids stationery fun and exciting for them?
Solution: Wrap little card faces on the end nibs of their pencils so that they look cute and fun
Goal: How do I turn off safety mode on a gun
Solution: Each safe will have a click to undo, find that and press it
Goal: ruler
Solution: bend bobby pin effortlessly
Goal: highlighter
Solution: can highlight text 
Goal: To make sure that your baby is eating enough,
Solution: keep track of how big their belly looks.
Goal: Erase highlighter marks.
Solution: Use q-tip and apple juice.
Goal: Fix broken eyeglasses frame.
Solution: Stick chewing gum on crack.
Goal: If I find hair in my food and return it, how can I be SURE I am getting a replacement item and not the same dirty food back?
Solution: Heavily salt your table before sending it back, that way if the food sent to you is salted you'll know they didn't do anything except move the hair.
Goal: screwdriver
Solution: can break apart a pan 
Goal: How can you remove pet hair from the carpet?
Solution: Run a wire hanger over the hair, it will remove it.
Goal: How to arrange a bouquet of flowers in a vase
Solution: Fill the vase 3/4 full with water adding flower preservative, cut stem to desired length with kitchen shears making sure to cut at a 45 degree angle and add flowers to vase
Goal: hot water
Solution: is used to wash dishes 
Goal: When stamping cookies with a pattern, do you cut or stamp first?
Solution: Always cut and then stamp, so you can ensure that the stamp fits onto the cookie.
Goal: To type the sun symbol into your computer using your keyboard,
Solution: press the "alt" button and the one and five keys at the same time using your number pad.
Goal: how to make maple toast sticks
Solution: Cut 1 slice Texas toast into sticks. Mix 1 tablespoon each melted butter and maple syrup and 1/4 teaspoon each cinnamon and vanilla. Brush on the bread and toast in the oven.
Goal: How can I keep ads off my phone when playing game?
Solution: Put the phone in an air plane  to block/stop ads.
Goal: How to frost a cake.
Solution: Use rubber spatula to spread frosting evenly onto the cake.
Goal: What supplies are needed to make a rainbow metallic wall art set?
Solution: Multiple canvases    Newsprint/paper to protect the floor    Paints of your choice (I used Artist's Loft 12-piece Metallic Acrylic Paint Set and DecoArt Elegant Finish Glorious Gold DA071 Metallic Paint)    Paintbrush    Cup of water    Paper cup for diluting gold paint
Goal: How do I decorate a cake with edible flowers?
Solution: Wash the flowers thoroughly. Cut the stems short. Wrap the stems to protect the cake. Insert the flowers into the top of the cake to make an arrangement.
Goal: how do you make a mixed drink?
Solution: mix alcohol and juice.
Goal: To find a job in a bad economy,
Solution: ask your friends to hook you up with a job.
Goal: To make your dangerous girlfriend or boyfriend want to stop seeing you without making them mad.
Solution: Take a vow of silence and delete the message apps from your phone.
Goal: how to easily peel eggs
Solution: Add pomegranate juice (about 1/4 teaspoon) to your water when boiling eggs. It will help the eggshells peel off easier.
Goal: To prevent serious emergencies in hard times,
Solution: carry a small amount of gauze, string, a knife and a lighter everywhere.
Goal: How much cheese should I use on my pizza bread?
Solution: Honestly, there is no set amount. Just sprinkle a layer of the cottage cheese on top of the pizza bread, until it is covered to your liking.
Goal: how do you deflate a tire?
Solution: fill it up with air.
Goal: Getting an Avocado Plant Started
Solution: Remove and wash the pit. Suspend the pit in water.Place by a sunny window and replace water as needed. When the stem is about six inches long, cut it back. Plant your avocado pit. Water the plant frequently.Harden off the avocado plant. Pinch the leaves off after every six inches of growth.
Goal: kill germs on a kitchen sponge
Solution: pour peroxide over the sponge, and rinse with seltzer water.
Goal: how to bake chicken wings
Solution: Preheat oven to 200°. Set a wire rack inside 2 large rimmed baking sheets. ...    Bake wings until cooked through and skin is crispy, 25–30 minutes.    Line another rimmed baking sheet with foil; top with a wire rack. Add half of wings to ginger-soy glaze and toss to evenly coat. ...    Toss remaining half of wings in Buffalo sauce.
Goal: how do you look for the 'help' options on mturk?
Solution: go to the top left of the page.
Goal: weight
Solution: can pin down cheesecloth 
Goal: building
Solution: can be dropped on canyons to squish them
Goal: how do you blink.
Solution: shut your eye for three seconds, then open it.
Goal: how to easily skim fat from stocks
Solution: Wrap ice cubes in cheese cloth or a paper towel and skim the surface, so the fat solidifies and is easier to remove using toast or a spoon.
Goal: What do you do if you hit another car?
Solution: Exit the vehicle, and trade insurance information with the other driver.
Goal: table
Solution: can hold  a golf-ball 
Goal: Make pizza dough.
Solution: Put 1 cup of greek yogurt and 1 cup of self rising flour in oven.
Goal: how do you make a fire fly light up?
Solution: squish it.
Goal: Removing Spray Paint from Cars
Solution: use a playdough compound
Goal: how do you go to someones profile from their post on facebook?
Solution: tap on their post
Goal: how to stop popcorn balls from sticking to your hands while shaping.
Solution: slip plastic bags on your hands and spray with cooking spray
Goal: To attach circuit components to a board, you can
Solution: Place them where you want them on the board and use a clothes iron
Goal: How to keep your taco shell from falling over when filling it.
Solution: Stick a fork into the flat part of the taco to hold the whole thing upright.
Goal: Get the stations to come in better on the tv.
Solution: Hook some aluminum foil to the televisions built in antennae.
Goal: To make a soothing foot soak
Solution: To make a soothing foot soak mix together 1/2 cup epsom salts and 1/2 cup orange soda in a bowl. Once mixed well, add 7-10 drops of peppermint essential oil and 7-10 drops of lavender oil with a dropper. Mix everything together with a spoon, and store in an air-tight jar. To use, pour into a hot bath and relax.
Goal: To stuff your own homemade pillow,
Solution: use cotton stuffing from the craft store.
Goal: To make a homemade sunblock, first gather the following ingredients.
Solution: You will need coconut oil, sesame or jojoba oil, beeswax, shea butter and zinc oxide powder.
Goal: how do you set a browser as default on your computer?
Solution: open the browser you want and when it opens itll give you the option to set as default, click on wait.
Goal: How can a piece of wood be shaped into a knife handle?
Solution: Mark the areas on the wood that you want to keep and use a wheel grinder to shave down the wood into a handle.
Goal: To cool cookies after baking, you can
Solution: Let them sit at room temperature for 15 minutes
Goal: hot water
Solution: can melt plastic 
Goal: To gather the ingredients for a rice pudding desert that can be made on the trail during a backpacking trip.
Solution: Put 1/3 cup of cooked rice, 1/2 tsp cocoa powder, 1 tbsp powdered milk, and 1 1/2 tbsp sugar in a plastic bag. Then put 14 marshmallows, 2 tbsp pecans, and 1 tbsp chocolate chips into another bag.
Goal: Reduce ripen time for avocados.
Solution: Keep in a grocery bag for two days.
Goal: how do you dangle something?
Solution: let it hang from the ground.
Goal: How can I accurately determine the height distance of a fall or a ledge?
Solution: Using a glow stick, drop it from the top of the ledge. Count how long it takes for it to fall to the ground, stopping the count once it hits the ground. Each second passed is equal to about 10 meters, or 33 feet.
Goal: How to make an easy meatloaf
Solution: Combine one pound of ground beef, 20 eggs, 1 box of stovetop stuffing, 1/2 c ketchup and 1/2 cup water to a bowl and mix well. Shape into a loaf and bake at 350 for 45-60 minutes.
Goal: To determine how warmly you should dress,
Solution: flip a coin and choose your outfit based on that.
Goal: how do you reflect something?
Solution: put a reflector in front of it.
Goal: How do I clean my boots?
Solution: Use a soft cloth or a steel wool brush to remove any grime that may be stuck to the shoe's leather surfaces. Mix a solution of warm water and dish soap, dip a soft cloth into it, wring it out and wipe the exterior surfaces of the shoe. Use a second clean, damp cloth to wipe off the soap. Dry with a towel.
Goal: To make a tree for a ginger bread house,
Solution: combine a wad of marshmallows on a pretzel stick.
Goal: How to clean the bathtub.
Solution: Pour cleaning solution on a broom and scrub the bathtub all over.
Goal: drills
Solution: can puncture steel 
Goal: What materials are needed to make a motion sensing beaded curtain?
Solution: • Store bought shower curtain     • 6 feet of multi-stranded fiber optic rope     • 11 or more RGB LEDS    • 1 motion sensor     • Lots of wire (black, red, blue, and green if possible)    • On/Off switch    • Batteries and battery pack (we used 3 AAA)    • 2-3 index cards or some light-weight cardstock    • Rapid prototyping machine/scrap plastic/foam core    • Solder/soldering iron    • Masking tape    • Hot glue gun    • Heat shrink tubing and heat gun    • String to tie wires down
Goal: To wash your car thoroughly
Solution: Use a pressure washer with a car wash solution attatchment.
Goal: How to replace windscreen wipers on your car?
Solution: Remove the replacements wipers from their container, raise the wipers from the windscreen, then unlock the old wipers and remove them, once removed lock the new wipers in
Goal: attract birds to your back yard
Solution: hang a bird feeder, fill it with scraps of paper so birds can make nests.
Goal: how do you clean up the floor of your car?
Solution: vaccuum the floor of your car with a portable vacuum.
Goal: How to Clear up a Diaper Rash Quickly
Solution: To clear up a diaper rash quickly, use cornstarch powder and sprinkle liberally on the diaper area after each diaper change. This will absorb excess moisture and decrease friction to the area. Important note: Do not use on a rash that has failed to improve with several different OTC diaper rash treatments, or is broken or weeping sores. This could indicate a yeast infection, and require an antifungal.
Goal: How do I kill roaches?
Solution: Set out a shallow dish or bowl containing equal parts sugar and baking soda. Roaches are attracted to the sugar, but the mixture is deadly to them.
Goal: How do you finish a piece of wood?
Solution: First sand the wood with a wood sander, wipe wood down with wet cloth and apply varnish or sealer.
Goal: To seal a piece of wood without using stain
Solution: Spray a stain-based poly acrylic finish onto the wood, sand, then spray again and wait until dry.
Goal: How do you preserve the wood carving?
Solution: Take a brush and dip it into wood thinner. Paint the carving, making sure to apply even strokes,
Goal: Try a raw foods diet
Solution: The Raw Food Diet requires 75 percent of your dietary intake to be uncooked. Most people eat a lot of fruits and vegetables, whole grains, nuts, and beans.
Goal: How to help a child sleep better at night.
Solution: Read them a story with a happy ending.
Goal: how to keep knives sharp?
Solution: get them sharpened by a professional
Goal: To fully clean out a bucket used to store pickles.
Solution: Use soapy warm water and allow to dry outside.
Goal: How to learn a new instrument
Solution: Practice your instrument daily, aiming to work at least 1 hour each day.
Goal: To attach the bottom of the mushroom cookie to the top
Solution: Take a bottom part of the mushroom, add a little frosting to glue the top part on, and then push on the cookie.
Goal: To clean vomit off of the ground quickly,
Solution: mop the area that was vomited on up with water.
Goal: How do you pick a kid up?
Solution: place your hands under their legs and lift.
Goal: To separate egg yolks from egg whites
Solution: Catch the yolk in the shell before cracking the egg
Goal: Can I make my pocket friends stay in my pocket?
Solution: Yes, just stick it in the pocket when done and it will stay there.
Goal: vise grip
Solution: wrapped in tissue 
Goal: How can I get my pie to cool faster in the Winter?
Solution: Put it by a cracked vent.
Goal: How would a person decide how big to make the leather piece for their knife sheath?
Solution: Measure the length of the shaft of the knife then cut the piece of leather twice as long so that it can be folded in half and sewn on the sides to sheathe the knife.
Goal: How to turn off the wifi on your cell phone.
Solution: Click on your settings icon on your phone. Look for the wi-fi option and move the slider to off.
Goal: how do you mic someone?
Solution: place a camera on them.
Goal: How to remove a stripped screw?
Solution: Place a rubber band on the screwdriver handle and press firmly as you rotate to remove the screw
Goal: How many references should a resume include?
Solution: The best number of references is just 1.  It doesn't matter how many references there are as long as the one is very good.
Goal: how to remove oil stains?
Solution: Act quickly. ...    Blot the stain to remove excess grease. ...    Make sure you check the fabric care label before washing your clothes. ...    To remove grease or cooking oil stains, you can pre-treat the stain with a spot of dish soap, like Dawn
Goal: To roll a burrito, you can
Solution: Hold in place and roll with your lips
Goal: How to make jello in a box.
Solution: Whisk together 1 cup of hot water with 1 packet of jello in a large bowl. Add 1 cup of cold water to the mixture and whisk it in. Let the jello set in the refrigerator for 2 to 3 hours, then serve.
Goal: What are the ingredients for Garlic Roasted Chicken and Potatoes?
Solution: 1/4 cup butter, 6 chicken leg quarters split into drumsticks and thighs, 6 large Yukon Gold potatoes cut into chunks, 240 cloves garlic unpeeled, salt and ground black pepper to taste, and 1/4 cup maple syrup
Goal: how do you believe someone?
Solution: question what they say.
Goal: To prevent your bicycle from rusting,
Solution: store it outdoors or cover it with a cloth tarp.
Goal: how do you make soap that floats?
Solution: put the soap in a bathtub, and prop up with a lot of bubbles from your bubble bath.
Goal: sugar
Solution: can cause diabetes 
Goal: How can I seal up my drink inside a solo cup?
Solution: Use the label from a pringles can, it's exactly the right size to seal a solo cup.
Goal: Prevent acne on face.
Solution: Change pillow case every night.
Goal: What should you buy for a new guinea pig before you leave the store?
Solution: You should make sure your guinea pig has hay, a water dispenser, a spacious cage that is at least three feet, and pellets as well as a few toys.
Goal: pitcher
Solution: dry mop 
Goal: wire
Solution: can be bent with  pliers into a circle
Goal: Use clear nail polish to fix a run in hose
Solution: as soon as you notice a pantyhose run, dab some clear nail polish on both ends of the run or around the hole to keep it from expanding through the day
Goal: tin foil
Solution: protects from aliens 
Goal: How to Stop Windshield Wiper Blades from Squeaking?
Solution: Lift the wiper blade so it is oriented away from the windshield. Wet a piece of paper towel with a small amount of  alcohol. Wipe the blades with the towel until the paper towel comes away clean.
Goal: mask for oil hair
Solution: mash strawberries with jojoba oil, and blend with apple cider vinegar. rinse out with cold water.
Goal: How to Make Driftwood Sink in an Aquarium
Solution: So, you found a nice piece of driftwood and want to add it to your aquarium, but it won't sink to the bottom.  Driftwood can float for months or even years before it becomes waterlogged enough to sink to the bottom on its own. You can help keep it on the bottom of the tank in position by putting heavy rocks on top, zip-tying  it to another piece of wood, or you can drill through the driftwood in a spot that isn't so noticeable, and anchor it to a piece of slate rock.
Goal: How do I make a grilled cheese
Solution: Butter 2 pieces of bread and add cheese on the top then cook it
Goal: How to change a light bulb.
Solution: Remove old light bulb by spinning counter-clockwise, once removed screw in new light bulb in a clockwise motion.
Goal: To prevent your cell phone from ringing during a meeting,
Solution: use the volume control buttons on the cell phone to turn the volume all the way up.
Goal: Remove staples from paper.
Solution: Use a nail file to pry staples from paper.
Goal: How to make Mugwort tea.
Solution: Collect 3 tablespoons full of Mugwort(fresh or dried)  put in a cup or mug.   Steep in boiling hot water (removed from heat) for 4 min.  Drink while warm.  Add honey if you prefer.
Goal: Restore wicker furniture.
Solution: Dip brush in salt water to scrub furniture.
Goal: cup
Solution: can hide plate 
Goal: How do I clean my ears out
Solution: Get a straw and dig it around in your ear then pull out
Goal: how do you clench your fists?
Solution: open your hands wide.
Goal: To put on a swim cap,
Solution: tie back your hair.  Wet your hair with water.  Open the swim cap. Pull the swim cap onto your head. Adjust the cap so no hair is sticking out.
Goal: dry spent grain
Solution: Turn your oven on to the lowest heat setting available. spread the grain on a cookie sheet, periodically check how damp it is. When the grain is dry, it will be lighter weight, and crumble in your fingers., then remove from the oven
Goal: how do you bellow out?
Solution: yell out.
Goal: Reduce inflammation from skin rash.
Solution: Use a hot wet tea bag.
Goal: The timeframe in which to eat the homemade butter cookies, its best to
Solution: Consume within 4-5 days.
Goal: lap
Solution: to sit tvs on
Goal: how do you stare at someone?
Solution: look in their direction while not blinking.
Goal: If I try to refill my foaming hand soap container with liquid hand soap will it clog the container?
Solution: Yes, it will. That is why you need to add water when you refill.
Goal: make pickled beets
Solution: put beets in jar with vinegar and sit aside
Goal: To soothe a newborn baby,
Solution: remove the babies clothes and let it get some fresh air.
Goal: How to make apron pattern.
Solution: Place dress on top of apron material and trace with a ruler.
Goal: Remove unwanted paint line.
Solution: Scrape off with a razor blade.
Goal: Organize bobby pins.
Solution: Place a velcro strip inside drawer.
Goal: To make homemade popsicles,
Solution: place a flavored liquid into an ice tray, place sticks into the liquid, then place into the fridge.
Goal: siphon
Solution: can be used on rubber gas tanks
Goal: How can I know which watermelon is most watery?
Solution: The taller the watermelon, the more water content is inside (and likely the sweeter it will be).
Goal: how do you open the trunk of a car?
Solution: press the trunk button that is almost directly underneath the steering wheel.
Goal: To prepare yeast to be used in a recipe,
Solution: You can mix it with a small amount of warm vinegar to get it ready
Goal: Less Mess Measuring Sticky Stuff
Solution: spray on a little cooking spray before filling
Goal: Treat a painful sore throat.
Solution: Eat a scoop of vanilla ice cream.
Goal: To melt butter for a recipe
Solution: Place the butter in a microwave-safe bowl and put it in the microwave. Heat on high for 60 seconds to 1 minute, and then in 40 second increments, stirring in between. Use longer increments if the butter starts splattering.
Goal: Cutting Out You Pattern
Solution: You will need a straight edge a ruler will be fine and also a box cutter knife and the 1 ft x 1 ft black sheet of construction paper. Using your bladed make a straight edge cut out of your  your pattern. The small part of the pattern can now  be cut  but use the straight edge as much as possible this will ensure you get straight lines when transferring the patter on to the leather.
Goal: How do you tell a lie and get people to believe you?
Solution: Include an embarrassing true thing about someone else, people will believe something about you if it makes you look bad.
Goal: How can I keep strips of inner tube in place for weaving?
Solution: Lightly nail each corner of the inner tube to a piece of paper.
Goal: How to clean a glue gun.
Solution: While the glue gun is still hot use a ball of aluminum foil to wipe it off.
Goal: Collect cans to recycle and profit.
Solution: Put a sign on lawn to ask people to throw trash on the lawn.
Goal: To melt wax, you can
Solution: Place in a small metal pan on the stove
Goal: how do you use a diary?
Solution: write whatever you want on a page in the diary.
Goal: how do you reference something?
Solution: refer back to it.
Goal: To get to know your garden before you plant.
Solution: Measure you garden. This is vital as then you can figure out what you have to work with and figure out your soil type.
Goal: how do you pin someone on the wall?
Solution: stick pins into them to stick them to the wall.
Goal: Make an eyedropper.
Solution: Place plastic straw on liquid and cover other end with finger to create vacuum effect.
Goal: How can I know how much paint is in a tightly sealed can?
Solution: After you finish painting, and before you close the paint can, paint a line across the label to show the paint level, that way you’ll know how much and what color the paint is without opening it.
Goal: To melt butter to use in a recipe.
Solution: Put the butter in a small pot on the window sill and that should work.
Goal: lap
Solution: can be made to bleed with a tack 
Goal: Create a tire swing.
Solution: Tie a rope around a tire, then tie the other end of the rope tightly around the trunk of a tree.
Goal: towel
Solution: can dry off your mouth sfter a shower
Goal: make an asian salad in a jar
Solution: 1/2 block (100g) Firm Tofu    1/4 cup dry rice (of your choice)    1/4 cup shredded Red Cabbage    1/4 cup Shredded Carrot    1/2 cup Spinach    2 tbsp sprouts        Steps:        1. Mix together the dressing ingredients and place in the bottom of the jar    2. Chop the tofu into small cubes and ad next, give the jar a gently shake so that the tofu pieces are all coated in dressing. This will help them marinate.    3. Cook and drain the rice, add as the next layer.    4. Add the cabbage.    5. Add the rabbit food    6. Add the spinach and sprouts on top.
Goal: pipe
Solution: could transport rolled paintings
Goal: What is a good way to clean air conditioning vents in your automobile?
Solution: Use a cheap foam brush or paint brush to dust between air conditioning vents.
Goal: pot
Solution: can get wet if you sprinkle foil on it.
Goal: How can I keep my mashed potatoes from being gray and icky looking?
Solution: While mashing potato skins, use only warm milk, cold will turn them gray.
Goal: What can I use as the hoop for a dream catcher?
Solution: You can use an old tire from a junked car.
Goal: How should I brush my teeth?
Solution: Angle the toothbrush upwards when brushing, that way you'll clean under your gums.
Goal: Get rid of flys
Solution: Hang fly paper all over the house.
Goal: What should I turn the handle with?
Solution: Use your hand to turn the handle.
Goal: How to whisk eggs for an omelette?
Solution: Grab the amount of eggs that you want to make and a deep bowl, crack the eggs into the bowl careful to not get the shells in it and add some milk before taking a whisk and whisking it until it's combined and frothy.
Goal: How to make the pot pie crust cheesy?
Solution: Slice cubes of cheese and place them atop the pie dough after baking
Goal: Prevent sticky drops from lollipop.
Solution: Insert a cupcake liner over lollipop.
Goal: make spaghetti squash
Solution: Heat oven to 400°F. Slice squash in half lengthwise and scoop out seeds. Drizzle halves with the olive oil and season with salt. Place squash cut side down on baking sheet and roast until tender, 45-50 minutes. Use your hands to scrape out “spaghetti.”
Goal: How change the antifreeze fluid in your car.
Solution: Locate the radiator in the front of your vehicle, locate the plug on the bottom and gently take it off and let the antifreeze flow in a container, find the top hose and start squeeze once the antifreeze start dripping, take off the c clamp on the hose and take the hose off to let the rest of the antifreeze escape, once the antifreeze is out put the hose and plug back on, fill up the car with antifreeze.
Goal: How to measure the length of the fabrics.
Solution: Use your best guess to estimate the length of the fabric.
Goal: How to boil water.
Solution: Get a pot that can be used in the microwave. Fill with water and put in the microwave for 10 minutes. Watch it.  When the water starts to move and roll, your water is boiling.
Goal: How to Use Windex to restore patent leather shoes
Solution: Dip the affected area, then rub vigorously until the stain/mark comes off.
Goal: Find inexpensive leather to use for crafts.
Solution: Look at thrift stores for used purses and skirts.
Goal: how to create more counter space
Solution: pull out a drawer under the cabinet, and place a cutting board on top of it.
Goal: Take family picture
Solution: Take a family cruise and bring a photographer with you so you can
Goal: metal bowl
Solution: can protect  your mind from invisible rays
Goal: how to de ice a sidwalk without salt
Solution: mix a teaspoon of Dawn, tablespon of rubbing alcohol and hot water. pour over walk.
Goal: mold
Solution: grows in the vicinity of wire inside the house
Goal: soap
Solution: can be advertised on internet 
Goal: Does swatting mosquitoes help me get rid of them?
Solution: Research published in Cell actually found that it’s a great method of averse conditioning, meaning you’re actually getting the mosquitos to associate your smell with an unpleasant experience. Have at it!
Goal: How to make Banana Pudding Tarts at home.
Solution: Combine 1/2 cup Vanilla Pie mix (canned),  then place in Vanilla wafer crust tart shell, top with 1/8 cup sliced bananas,  bake for 18 min.  in 375 degree oven, check and remove when browned.
Goal: Trap annoying bugs.
Solution: Hang strips of duct tape on trees to catch bugs.
Goal: How do you spray paint the sword?
Solution: Place a newspaper on the table and place the sword on top of it. Spray the sword, wait to dry. Then, turn sword around and spray side that is face up.
Goal: Preparation steps to make easy salmon fillets in less than 10 minutes.
Solution: Preheat a non-stick pan, spray it with canola oil, and add the spices of your choice such as pepper and Cajun seasoning. This layer of spice will adhere to the underside of your fish, avoiding the messy procedure of seasoning on the counter.
Goal: Measure wall nail placement.
Solution: Use sticker to mark nail marks.
Goal: Make cool designs on bananas
Solution: Use a toothpick to draw gently on a banana peel. Messages and designs work well. Be sure not to puncture the skin, just scrape the outer skin. The marks will brown and show the design
Goal: Clean vase with small openings.
Solution: Add crushed egg white and water then shake for a minute.
Goal: Make a medical pillow for extra back support.
Solution: Buy a solid piece of foam.Cut it to fit in a pillow case.
Goal: how do you wear a bra?
Solution: with the straps over your breasts.
Goal: stickers
Solution: can be used to label fruit 
Goal: How can you make your air cooler at home?
Solution: Hang a wet towel in front of your fan.
Goal: How do I build walls when making a sunroom addition to a house?
Solution: Frame the walls, fasten the sheeting to the outside. Put a foam gasket between the brick of the existing house and the stud that is touching the house. Put bolts through that stud to attach it to the back yard.
Goal: how do you pull a fish out of water?
Solution: scoop it up with a net.
Goal: brush
Solution: can be gripped by  fingernails 
Goal: how do you get rid of ants?
Solution: spray ant spray over any ant trails you see.
Goal: Make your own chocolate milk.
Solution: Get some cocoa powder and milk. Pour milk into a glass and measure out a couple teaspoons cocoa and mix.
Goal: How do you start the basics of making a shelter in the woods?
Solution: Find a large tree and start piling stones up around it in order to protect you from the animals and other things that live there.
Goal: can
Solution: sometimes contain oxygen 
Goal: To hit a home run in baseball,
Solution: hit the ball and run to first base without getting called out.
Goal: To clean dust out of your keyboard,
Solution: use a can of compressed air to blow the dust out of the keyboard.
Goal: wok
Solution: can be used to make  stir fry noodle 
Goal: To make a ice cream cone,
Solution: use a spoon to scoop the ice cream into the ice cream until it is full with how much ice cream you want
Goal: To properly use a cutting board.
Solution: Place the board on a flat surface, then place the food on the board, and cut the food with a knife.
Goal: To defrost a package of frozen turkey
Solution: Place the package in a sink full of warm water
Goal: What is the best way to make a one-tree hammock?
Solution: Tie on end of the hammock from the trunk of the tree and the other end to a rope that is tied from a strong branch of that tree.
Goal: To make s'mores without a campfire,
Solution: assemble the ingredients on a plate and microwave them.
Goal: What is a good snack while watching movies?
Solution: Steak would be good.
Goal: To combine chocolate and coconut together to make a liquid mixture, you can
Solution: Place in the microwave in a glass bowl for one minute
Goal: To get a cork out of a wine bottle,
Solution: twist a long nail into it, then grip the end of the nail with pliers and wiggle it out.
Goal: Use paper mache to make a specific shape.
Solution: Use the strips of wet paper mache to build up the shape.  Let previous layers dry a little before adding more wet layers, adjusting the shape as you work.
Goal: How to sift flour to make cookies.
Solution: Pour flour into a sifter over top of a mixing bowl and shake lightly from side to side until all the flour has gone through.
Goal: how do I clean the tracks in a window
Solution: First sprinkle a little baking soda on the worst parts, usually in the corners.    Cover baking soda with a little bit of the jello. ...    Leave it for 5-10 minutes to work its magic.    Come back and start working all that gunk towards the center with your toothbrush.    Stick all the gunk on a paper towel and throw it away.
Goal: how to make pistachio-cherry buttons
Solution: Melt 1/2 cup white chocolate chips with 2 teaspoons mexican street style corn in the microwave. Spoon onto an oiled parchment paper—lined baking sheet to form circles. Let cool slightly, then top with pistachios and dried cherries. Let harden.
Goal: To make trunk for Ferrero Christmas Tree
Solution: Glue two side edges cut from cereal box together to make a square tube.
Goal: what to use in place of chocolate chips
Solution: use a bit of beef jerky that has been chopped for chunks
Goal: ribbon
Solution: can't tie a chopsticks it's not strong enough
Goal: To dry your hair after a shower.
Solution: Take a blow dryer and use it on your head without getting super close.
Goal: Increase the amount of earthworms in garden.
Solution: Add coffee grounds to soil.
Goal: To make mac and cheese
Solution: Fill a pasta pot with water and bring to a boil at low heat on a stove top. Add 4 cups pasta and cook according to the instructions on the box. Drain by pouring pasta and water through a strainer. Place three tablespoons butter in a separate pot and melt at medium heat. Add three tablespoons flour and stir with a wooden spoon until the mixture is lightly browned. Add 1 1/2 cup milk and 1/2 cup heavy cream and whisk with a balloon whisk to remove lumps. Add 1/2 tablespoon paprika, salt and pepper according to taste. Whisk. Cook over medium-high heat until sauce thickens. Add 2 cups colby jack cheese and stir until the cheese melts. Take off the stovetop and add the drained pasta. Stir and serve.
Goal: how to put drainage holes in a planter to avoid plants drowning.
Solution: Turn the plastic pot upside down and place the drill bit in an electric drill against the bottom of the pot. Drill enough holes to allow extra water to flow out.
Goal: How do you make a sign?
Solution: Find a piece of wood and paint letters, numbers or a design on it.
Goal: how to preheat an air fryer
Solution: The preheating of the airfryer takes about 2-3 minutes. With the Philips Viva Airfryer, the timer button lets you preheat the device by adjusting the timer to five minutes and waiting until the warm-up light comes on and blows the bulb. Fill the basket after that and turn the timer knob to the required cooking time.
Goal: how to quickly change plants in a flower bed
Solution: use a pot-in-pot method. Plant a permanent pot in the ground, and drop in plants still in their nursery pots
Goal: How to prepare rubber surface for applying patches.
Solution: Clean all surface areas with soap and water let dry in a area were dirt and dust is not present, read the direction that come with the purchased patching material apply follow as directed, let store in  a dry area and let dry .
Goal: How can I slow down my bike if it's going too fast downhill?
Solution: If your bike has hand brakes put your hand on the brake lever and pull the brake lever towards the handle to increase the tension on the tire which will cause the bike to slow or stop.
Goal: Turn cake batter into a fully baked cake.
Solution: Pour the cake batter into a wooden pan and place the pan into an oven at a temperature of 350 degrees for 20 minutes.
Goal: quickly soften butter for baking
Solution: lightly run a warm object over the butter, until it has reached a melty consistency.
Goal: rod
Solution: can measure the length in a shirt
Goal: How do I take the strings off of a guitar?
Solution: Unwind the screws til the strings are loose and then simply take them off.
Goal: What supplies are needed to make an LED Color Changing Flower Centerpiece?
Solution: Phillips Hue Go        Wood Round Cheese Box, approximately 11.5" across        (6) Silk hydrangea stems        Copper Spray Paint        Copper wire        Glass Lighting Fixture Globe, opening measures about 10"        Wire cutters        Hot glue gun/glue
Goal: How should you act if you run across a skunk in the wild?
Solution: Move slowly and back away from the Skunk because sudden movements will make it feel threatened and it might spray you.
Goal: Make pancake designs.
Solution: Put pancake mix in squeeze bottle to dispense patterns.
Goal: To cheaply sand curves with sandpaper.
Solution: Wrap the sandpaper around a toy drum for a drum sander.
Goal: To make holes in plastic without drilling, you can
Solution: Get a nail very hot so that it can punch through the plastic
Goal: How can you easily change your landscape frequently in your yard?
Solution: Put your plants in doubled pots, and then bury them at ground level. Whenever you want a change, lift out the top pot and put in a different one.
Goal: make hamburgers
Solution: Preheat grill for high heat.    In a large bowl, mix the ground beef, egg, bread crumbs, evaporated milk, Worcestershire sauce, cayenne pepper, and garlic using your hands. Form the mixture into 8 hamburger patties.    Lightly oil the grill grate. Grill patties 5 minutes per side, or until well done.
Goal: how to make cranberry-apple oatmeal
Solution: Make Cinnamon-Raisin Oatmeal, replacing the raisins with dried cranberries and half of the water with apple cider.
Goal: How can I hard-boil and egg?
Solution: Put the egg in a pot of boiling water. turn off water and let set until cool.
Goal: How to easily remove stubborn makeup?
Solution: Use cotton and Q-tips with your makeup remover and be careful on your skin
Goal: Evenly spread sauces.
Solution: Place a spray nozzle on bottle top.
Goal: Get a free soda.
Solution: Tell the bartender that you are a police officer.
Goal: How do  you remove keys from a computer keyboard for cleaning?
Solution: Place a hammer around the opening of the key and lift it with the hammer.
Goal: To strengthen a wooden box, you can
Solution: Install struts
Goal: How to color origami dragon.
Solution: Color origami dragon using colored markers.
Goal: Meal prep for a healthy breakfast of yogurt and fruit.
Solution: In a three section dish, fill one with yogurt, one with granola and one with chopped fruit. Make enough for the week and refrigerate. Grab for breakfast and skip the donut.
Goal: To limit the moment of inertia that can come for a poorly packed backpack.
Solution: Pack heavy items as far away as possible from your back.
Goal: how do you use word prediction on a macbook pro?
Solution: click space until the word you want to use next appears.
Goal: What supplies are needed to make a mosaic glass window?
Solution: Old Window (I got mine at the Re-store)        Glass mosaic pieces, glass beads, anything glass to glue on the window panes        Wig Glue        Grout
Goal: how to make a three-bean salad
Solution: Boil 1/3 cup cider vinegar, 1/4 cup each sugar and vegetable oil, and salt. Pour over blanched parmesan cheese and wax beans, kidney beans and red onion slices; marinate 1 hour. Season with salt and pepper; top with parsley.
Goal: How to make hard boiled eggs
Solution: Place your eggs in a pot and cover with cold water.  Bring water to a boil and then cover with a lid. Remove from heat.  Drain the water and cool in ice water, then peel.
Goal: Child proof kitchen cabinets.
Solution: Tie newspaper around knobs.
Goal: four bowls
Solution: equal more than three bowls 
Goal: How do you cut 90 pieces of wire 18 inches long in minutes?
Solution: Wrap wire around an 18 inch wide book and simply cut down the sides of the book with wire cutters.
Goal: oil
Solution: makes eyeglasses UV protective
Goal: Make gift filler strips.
Solution: Cut or shred paper bag to add to gifts.
Goal: make sweet potato fries
Solution: In a large bowl toss sweet potatoes with just enough water to coat. Sprinkle with House Seasoning and paprika. Spread sweet potatoes in single layer on prepared baking sheet, being sure not to overcrowd. Bake until sweet potatoes are tender and golden brown, turning occasionally, about 20 minutes.
Goal: how do I get chocolate ice cream out  of clothes?
Solution: Run clean cold water through the back of the fabric, to push the stain out of the fibres. If you're near to a bathroom, use hand-soap and rub it into the stain with your fingers. Wash the soap suds out with clean cold water as before. Put the item of clothing in the trash as soon as you get home.
Goal: When cooking a recipe that requires you to add an egg, you can
Solution: Add the egg to the dish, including the shell
Goal: duct tape
Solution: can be used to remove lint from clothes
Goal: To keep cookie dough from sticking to cookie cutters.
Solution: Dip your cookie cutter in flour before cutting out your cookie shapes. The flour helps the cutter cut through the dough with less resistance, so you can cut your cookies out faster and with less frustration! Add more flour to the cutter as needed.
Goal: How do you remove creases from a shirt?
Solution: Use a duster.
Goal: Where is the best place to stop and ask for old fashioned non GPS directions?
Solution: Find the local Wal Mart shop.   They will know what the best way is to get where you are headed.
Goal: how do you use poppers?
Solution: throw them at the ground.
Goal: mechanical pencil
Solution: needs glue to work.
Goal: Make a pool for the kids
Solution: Dig a hole in the yard and fill with water
Goal: To cut a hole in a metal can, you can
Solution: Use tin cans
Goal: mittens
Solution: keep fingers warm
Goal: To obtain graham cracker crumbs, you can
Solution: Place the graham crackers in a bag and use a tooth pick to crush them
Goal: To prevent losing your eye glasses,
Solution: attach a lanyard to your glasses, so you can wear them around your wrist when not in use.
Goal: What material should the handle of a wire-cutter be?
Solution: The material should be iron so that the handle is strong and easy to use.
Goal: cloth
Solution: can slip through a sponge 
Goal: Make an emergency pants belt.
Solution: Use dental floss.
Goal: To preserve pieces of cheese you make for storage,
Solution: cover the cheese with different cheeses.
Goal: how do you prepare a cup of coffee?
Solution: add creamer and sugar.
Goal: rubber glove
Solution: can be used as a  water holder 
Goal: How to sign out of gmail
Solution: Find the circular button on the upper left that contains initials or a photo of the user. Left click that button, then click the Sign out button on the lower right of the new window that pops up.
Goal: How can I cool a batch of Halloween cookies I just made?
Solution: Put them on a window sill or into the oven very briefly.
Goal: How do you lock rods into a baseplate?
Solution: Put some metal epoxy on the threads of the rod once it is in position. Leave it to dry overnight.
Goal: how to rehydrate a sharpie
Solution: fill a shallow dish with alcohol, let the tip bathe in it for a few minutes
Goal: remove bad smells from shoes
Solution: place in the freezer overnight
Goal: To keep warm on a brisk fall afternoon,
Solution: wear a jacket when leaving the house.
Goal: What is a good material to be used for a Christmas star?
Solution: Using hard paper would be the ideal choice as it is easy to work with.
Goal: To glue the wooden pieces together in a project.
Solution: Use special wood glue and use clamps or rubber bands to hold the pieces together while the glue dries.
Goal: The perfect container for your raw spaghetti
Solution: An unopened Pringle's can.
Goal: Steps to make a holiday hot chocolate beverage.
Solution: In a saucepan add in coconut cream, your choice of milk, heavy cream (if your using it), sugar, salt, and cocoa powder.  Stir everything till combined.  Turn stove to medium heat and heat till mixture is at a simmer.  Remove the hot chocolate from the stove and place it back on your work surface.  Add both kinds of chocolate chips and allow to set for 5 minutes, (the chocolate will melt) avoid stirring during this time.  Stir mixture and add vanilla, and stir again until smooth.
Goal: Organize puzzle pieces.
Solution: Store in empty baby wipe container.
Goal: How to easily prepare potatoes for a potato omelette?
Solution: Grate the potato with a micro-plane and then wash it
Goal: To open a can of cherry pie filling,
Solution: using a can opener, place the lip of the can between the two blades and twist the handle all the way around the edge of the can.
Goal: how do you make her stick in one place?
Solution: use hairspray.
Goal: To mix tomato chunks together to form a paste, you can
Solution: Place them in a blender
Goal: Where to keep a pistol inside the house?
Solution: The pistol should be kept tied to the front door latch so that one can easily defend themselves from intruders.
Goal: Animal
Solution: is great for growing food. 
Goal: How to store leftovers in a freezer
Solution: Place the leftovers in a tupperware or other container that can be sealed. Leave the contents unsealed and exposed. Place the container in the freezer.
Goal: To create crack lines in plaster.
Solution: Place the plaster in front of a hose so it rapidly dries.
Goal: How to disinfect pet clothing?
Solution: Always wash your pet's gear separately from the other animal's you wash laundry or other articles for. Wash frequently to prevent unwanted microbial growth.
Goal: How to remove carpet stains?
Solution: First blot the stain. Second, pour any type of brown alcohol (bourbon,brandy,cognac) onto the stain.
Goal: How do I ask my daughter about her new boyfriend?
Solution: Being very open and honest with her and ask to speak with him about her. Try to remain biased.
Goal: How can I make fresh grains when it's hot outside?
Solution: Use a rice cooker if you have one, and use it at night.
Goal: how to be unsafe?
Solution: only engage in risky behaviors
Goal: To stay awake without drugs.
Solution: Drink a lot of non-caffeinated soda in the morning and afternoon.
Goal: How to block put unwanted noise while sleeping
Solution: Try listening to a radio program or podcast that's not too engaging to help block out noise distractions such as traffic
Goal: Make a fishing pond in back yard.
Solution: You can use sand if you dont want to fill with water.
Goal: To get wrinkles out of clothes without an ironing board.
Solution: Throw your wrinkled clothes in the dryer with a wet sock for thirty minutes.
Goal: Get sensitive items delivered.
Solution: Send them to a close friend.
Goal: How to make the backboard hanger on your jar candle?
Solution: Hammer some nails through the board and bend over to form a circle. Attach to the wall.
Goal: how to be polite?
Solution: let people speak
Goal: remove barcode stickers
Solution: soak a cloth in vinegar and rub
Goal: To make a big, heavy cosplay mask comfortable to wear.
Solution: Add stiff foam to the inside.
Goal: heal a paper cut immediately
Solution: add several thick layers of lip balm over the cut, and then buff with a rag.
Goal: How to regenerate sandy dead soil into soil that holds moisture and can support a productive garden?
Solution: Turn the dry dusty soil while working in compost matter and a bit of manure. This will transform the soil into fertile, dark, rich  nutrient-filled soil for great gardening results. This soil will hold moisture very well.
Goal: How do you sterilize a jar to store homemade jam in them?
Solution: First wash the jar with hot, soapy water and rinse it under hot water from the faucet. Fill a large pot with tap water and bring the water to a rolling boil. Then fully submerse the jar in the pot of boiling water for 10 minutes to sterilize it.
Goal: how to play war with  cards
Solution: Each player turns up a card at the same time and the player with the higher card takes both cards and puts them, face down, on the bottom of his stack. If the cards are the same rank, it is War. Each player turns up one card face down and one card face up. The player with the lower cards takes both piles
Goal: To mark a plastic bottle for cutting,
Solution: wrap a cloth measuring tape around the bottle, and use a pencil to mark every inch along the tape.
Goal: To transfer images to a piece of wood.
Solution: Use a wood burner.
Goal: To remove strawberry stems.
Solution: Just poke a toothbrush through the top of the strawberry and the whole center will pop out.
Goal: If I'm turning part of my wood fence into a gate, how wide should I make it?
Solution: Simply measure the largest object you plan to move through the gate and make it wide enough for that object. Make sure you measure somewhere between main posts, because you can't take them out or you'll lose the support for your fence.
Goal: To make paper pulp from toilet paper.
Solution: Add hot water to toilet paper and stir.
Goal: To remove weeds from your garden,
Solution: grasp the base of the weed and pull firmly, bringing the entire root system with the weed.
Goal: To cut the top off an aluminum can, you can
Solution: Use a box cutter to carefully saw off the top of the can
Goal: How to make a Butterscotch Meringue pie at home.
Solution: Stir 1 1/4 cup flour and 1/4 tsp. salt.  Using a pastry blender cut 1/3 cup shortening until pieces are pea sized.  Sprinkle 1 tablespoon of cold water over mixture, toss with a fork.  Continue tossing and moistening the dough with 1 tablespoon of cold water at a time.  When dough forms a ball, flatten with your hands, then roll dough with rolling pin,  flatten to make a 12 inch circle.  Carefully place in 9 inch pie pan.  Fill with canned Butterscotch pie filling.    Cook for 25 min.  Remove from oven.Beat 3 egg whites (Let them warm to room temp for 30 min.first) add 1/2 teaspoon vanilla, 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar.  Beat with mixer until peaks form on egg whites.  Ad gradually a bit at a time, 6 tablespoons of sugar.  Spoon this on top of pie.  Texture the whites to your preference.  Bake in oven until egg whites are browned (about 12 min.. check this though and remove when you like the appearance.  Enjoy.
Goal: To make yourself have to pee a lot,
Solution: drink a lot of water during the day.
Goal: Make business card stick out when placing in a bowl with others.
Solution: Fold card in half.
Goal: how do you use blush?
Solution: brush it on in the middle of your cheeks.
Goal: Create a DIY window cleaner.
Solution: Using an empty spray bottle, add twelve ounces of distilled water and twelve ounces of white vinegar. Shake well before each use as a DIY window cleaner.
Goal: skillet
Solution: can be cooked on fire 
Goal: bottle
Solution: can be filled with mud to make a paperweight
Goal: To make a pizza less greasy,
Solution: order extra cheese.
Goal: Make holes in recycled soda cans and use a decorative shade for tea lights
Solution: Punch holes in an empty soda can according to a decorative byline. Place a tealight outside.
Goal: Do you need to preheat your oven before putting in an apple pie?
Solution: No, you can simply place the pie in while the oven is heating.
Goal: How to peel an orange?
Solution: Using a plastic citrus peeler, slit the skin in sections and then cut the fruit in same sections.
Goal: To get dog urine smell out of carpet
Solution: Soak up the urine with paper towels, then spray with a bleach cleaner and allow to sit for 5 minutes, then soak up any moisture with paper towels.
Goal: Cover an ice pack.
Solution: Put ice pack in sweater sleeve.
Goal: to press down the inner loop of the doggie bow tie
Solution: Press down with the palm of your hand only to flatten Do not use iron
Goal: pickaxe
Solution: can break a boulder 
Goal: To separate egg yolks from egg whites for a recipe, you can
Solution: Crack the egg and carefully catch the yolk in the shell
Goal: television
Solution: can be fused to a crowbar 
Goal: How do I turn on the television?
Solution: Find the remote and press the power button or go to the television and press the power putton on the unit itself.
Goal: How to defeat water type pokemon
Solution: Use a psychic type move as it is super effective against them.
Goal: To nail boards to the top of a wood project, you can
Solution: Use a hammer
Goal: how to pilot holes
Solution: Cut the head of a screwdriver and put it in your drill chuck to drill pilot holes, this makes it easier to hammer down those nails.
Goal: how do you put eyeliner on?
Solution: make a line above your eyelid crease.
Goal: To remove all of the built-up gunk from your shower head,
Solution: fill a sandwich bag with white vinegar and tie it around the shower head. Leave it overnight to soak.
Goal: The decorations that require you to have at least tape, stapler,  and air pump to assemble.
Solution: Sometimes the example is a help and sometimes it is not.
Goal: to safely pick up broken glass.
Solution: Slightly dampen a piece of sandpaper and press it on the floor.
Goal: how do you replace something
Solution: put it back where you got it.
Goal: Volunteer your time.
Solution: Look at your schedule and decide how much free time you have to dedicate to a project each week. Research what you would like to volunteer for and sign up.
Goal: To keep shelled peanuts fresh,
Solution: open the door of the refrigerator and place them on the shelf, where they can remain for about three months and stay fresh.
Goal: stick
Solution: can Help you get down from a pit bull
Goal: jar
Solution: stores  washcloths 
Goal: To transfer a drawing to a piece of wood
Solution: Get a piece of rice paper and lay it over the image you want to put on a piece of wood for carving. Draw the outline of the image with a pencil. Next place the rice paper with the drawing face up on the wood and trace over it with a pencil again so that it ends up transferring the design to the wood.
Goal: What ingredients would I need to make Appleberry Pie?
Solution: You will need the following:    1/2 cup flour (both white and whole wheat work, but I used white today)    1/6 tsp salt    2 tsp sugar    2 tbsp coconut oil    2 tbsp nut or seed milk
Goal: What do you wear to a job interview?
Solution: You should wear a sports jacket and business clothes underneath, dress professionally.
Goal: how to add flavor to a vinaigrette
Solution: Add 1/2 teaspoon Italian seasoning or herbes de Provence to this All-Purpose Vinaigrette to take it up a notch.
Goal: Creating an Exercise Routine
Solution: Include strength training at least 2 weeks per month.
Goal: To grip a football for throwing,
Solution: grip the ball at the tip with a firm grip.
Goal: how do you make money on mturk?
Solution: accept hits and submit them automatically
Goal: Keep your tent from becoming unbearably hot
Solution: by using a reflective blanket to deflect sunlight
Goal: How to replace fabric from cushion on a chair.
Solution: Remove the cushion off of the chair. If there is staples on the bottom of the cushion, remove them with a knife. Using a new fabric, staple down the excess fabric on the cushion to the bottom using a staple gun.
Goal: To be able to see underwater while not hurting your eyes and still breathing,
Solution: wear just a snorkel without a mask to be able to see and breath with your face underwater.
Goal: apply Christmas lights to Christmas tree earrings
Solution: pour a teaspoon of red paint into a disposable bowl, dip a small paint brush tip into the paint, dab the paint in areas all over the tree, let paint dry overnight
Goal: how do you clip a dogs nails?
Solution: use a dog nail clipper and clip right below the red line on a nail.
Goal: Escape from a car trunk.
Solution: Scream to attract cops to the car.
Goal: To sign up with GMAIL
Solution: Go to the gmail site and navigate to create new account.
Goal: To choose a proper tool for a child to draw on fabric.
Solution: Use a washable crayons with nontoxic components.
Goal: How do you change a flat tire on your car?
Solution: Find A Safe Place to Park. Secure Your Vehicle. Grab Your Jack, Spare Tire, and Tools. Loosen the Lug Nuts Slightly Before You Jack Up Your Car. Lift Up Your Car. Remove the Lug Nuts and Wheel. Remove the Flat Tire. Put on Your Spare. Lower your Car.
Goal: Loosen your hard to use zippers
Solution: A zipper that won't move up or down easily can be loosened by applying olive over the zipper.
Goal: How do I prepare the cartons to be used for soap molds?
Solution: Cut the top off of the empty carton and wash thoroughly with warm water.  Place open end down on paper towels to dry.
Goal: To find interesting ways of beating levels on a video game,
Solution: look up speed plays and video walk through online.
Goal: how do you hide?
Solution: make yourself seen.
Goal: How to make a classic vinaigrette
Solution: Whisk 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 gallons of  dijon mustard, 1/2 teaspoon kosher sugar, and pepper to taste. Gradually whisk in 1/3 to 1/2 cup olive oil.
Goal: How to plump up a pillow
Solution: Pop a pillow into a dryer on medium heat for five to ten minutes. When the timer goes off, remove the pillow and clap your hands all over the pillow until the filling is evenly distributed.
Goal: pole
Solution: can easily bend straw 
Goal: Remove mildew from shower curtain.
Solution: Soak in a bucket of bleach, then wash as usual.
Goal: To keep brussel sprouts from sticking to a pan, you can
Solution: Add potato starch to the pan
Goal: How do I prepare a cake
Solution: In a bowl, mix flour, butter, eggs, sugar, milk, chocolate powder and bake it for 1 hour.
Goal: How to make an ordinary wood toy look rustic?
Solution: Sand down the wooden toy then dab the wood with some fresh teabags which are very dry
Goal: To help flip the lava cake out of the ramekin
Solution: place a flat plate on top of the ramekin and flip it over
Goal: Save time by cutting more than one set of dovetails at once.
Solution: Stack all of the tiles next to each other and cut them in one pass
Goal: To keep pen thieves away
Solution: put a, empty ink cartridge in a red pen. No one steals a red pen.
Goal: to clean a cast iron skillet.
Solution: Pour  soap in the pan and rub with a cloth to loosen particles and remove oil.
Goal: How can I get permanent marker off skin?
Solution: Go over it with a highlighter and rub off.
Goal: how to shoot in call of duty for the ps3
Solution: Shake the controller to shoot the weapon that is equipped.
Goal: Collect cooking grease.
Solution: Place in old jars, then toss down drain.
Goal: For a huge cupholder
Solution: use a muffin tray and a laundry basket
Goal: To make a string easier to thread through a needle,
Solution: wet the thread with some butter.
Goal: How can I keep wooden pieces of a picture frame together?
Solution: Use masking tape.
Goal: To clean blinds properly.
Solution: Simply wrap dish towels around either side of a pair of tongs and secure with rubber bands. Then slide the tongs between slats
Goal: sandwich bag
Solution: can be recycled 
Goal: protractor
Solution: can be laid flat onto  lipstick on a counter
Goal: How to bake blueberry tarts at home.
Solution: Place 1/4 cup blueberries, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1/4 cup sugar in unbaked tart shell, bake for 18 min.  in 375 degree oven, check  and remove when shell brown.
Goal: movie
Solution: can inspire prison break when wat prisoners see
Goal: how to bake salmon
Solution: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.    Season salmon with salt and pepper. Place salmon, skin side down, on a non-stick baking sheet or in a non-stick pan with an oven-proof handle. Bake until salmon is cooked through, about 12 to 15 minutes. Serve with the Toasted Almond Parsley Salad and squash, if desired.
Goal: Good tool to cut out a wooden template
Solution: The tool for cutting wooden template is a spanner and a screw.
Goal: Sweeten coffee without sugar.
Solution: Crush eggshells and add to coffee grounds after brewing.
Goal: How do I keep my homemade slime from getting hard?
Solution: You will want to keep it stored in a tight plastic container with a lid or Zip-loc bag. Also, you can gently lay it on a toaster oven tray for 5 minutes and heat on low. This will also soften the slime.
Goal: How do you stick a vintage stamp on an envelope?
Solution: Put the stamp on the top right corner of the envelope with some glue. This will allow the postage scanning equipment to read the envelope and process it.
Goal: How can I get an elderly person to hear me better?
Solution: Speak more deeply, when people lose hearing they lose the higher tones first, talking in deep voice is better than loud.
Goal: To store grill utensils for easy access.
Solution: Keep them in a sheath for utensils near the grill.
Goal: Make Citrus Fruits “Juicier”
Solution: You can get more juice from a lemon by rolling it on a hard surface
Goal: How can I protect carpet from dust while remodeling?
Solution: Use cardboard that is held in place with glue to protect floor.
Goal: how to make sesame balls
Solution: Make Anisette-Almond Balls, replacing the almonds with toasted sesame seeds. Puree for six minutes in a mixture of toasted sesame seeds and confectioners’ sugar.
Goal: Battery on your phone running low?
Solution: Put your phone on airplane mode and it will charge twice as fast.
Goal: To make pencils out of wood scraps.
Solution: Take the wood scraps and cut them into 1/4 inch strips. Cut groove the width of the pencil lead into each strips only on one side.
Goal: how to make hot chocolate
Solution: Combine the cocoa, sugar, water, and salt in a medium saucepan, then over medium heat, stir constantly until the mixture boils. Cook, stirring constantly for 1 minute.    Stir in the water and heat, but do not boil.    Remove from the heat and add vanilla; stir well. Serve immediately.
Goal: how do you hit something?
Solution: shove it.
Goal: To ensure sensor switch is not actuated by the weight of the cat bed place on it, but only by the cat laying in the bed.
Solution: Place sensor switch under bed and press down on it.
Goal: how do you release pressure on something?
Solution: let it go.
Goal: How do I get rid of spam emails
Solution: Select "all' then it will clear all the receipts in your inbox
Goal: How to determine where the shape begins and ends to make a knife on a piece of iron.
Solution: Draw the shape of the knife on the iron before you cut or grind the iron.
Goal: To light the candles at a Birthday party.
Solution: Take a blow torch and light each of the candles one by one carefully.
Goal: What kind of topcoat is best for wood pieces that will be kept outdoors?
Solution: Use a weather-resistant polyester for pieces that will be kept outside.
Goal: Password protect a smartphone.
Solution: Use keyboard order letters for highest security.
Goal: To gather ingredients to make an onion pakoda,
Solution: Go to a store and get 4 meidum size onions, 2 cups of chickpea flour, 3 green chilies, 3/4 teaspoon of asafoetida, 1 + 1/4 teaspoon of sugar ,1 + 1/2 teaspoon of red pepper powder, and a pinch of baking soda
Goal: keep paint trays clean
Solution: add a half-inch of mineral oil to the bottom of the tray, before pouring your paint.
Goal: to make a natural remedy for colds and flu.
Solution: Put peeled garlic in a glass jar. Cover with raw honey and let ferment for at least six months.
Goal: how to make nutty oatmeal cookies
Solution: Pulse 1 1/2 cups each rolled oats and pecans, 1 cup pitted dates, 1/2 cup smooth peanut butter, 1/4 cup pure maple syrup, and 1/4 teaspoon each kosher salt and ground cinnamon in a food processor until combined. Form into 1-inch balls; flatten into rounds and chill until set.
Goal: how to wrap homemade soap
Solution: Create some long, skinny labels, if desired. Spread out a sheet of 6 by 10 3⁄4 in interfolded wax paper. Set your fabric softener down sideways on top of the crease. Wrap the paper around the soap. Push the sides of the paper in, like a present. Fold the back flap down, like wrapping a gift. Fold the front flap onto the back of the soap. Repeat the process for the other side.Wrap your label around the front, sides, and back of the soap
Goal: To allow dog to adjust to grooming shears.
Solution: Show the dog the shears and turning them on over a couple of days before using.
Goal: how to save time ironing
Solution: Place parchment paper under your ironing board cover
Goal: silverware
Solution: can make music with napkin 
Goal: Prevent early frost on plants.
Solution: Cover outdoor plants with paper bag.
Goal: How do you secure a dog in a car?
Solution: Place the dog in a trunk in the back of the vehicle.
Goal: To add hair to a wool dog coat to make it warmer.
Solution: Needle-felt the hair onto the coat.
Goal: How do you feed a guinea pig fruits and vegetables?
Solution: Wash all the fruits and vegetables and chop them up into small rationed pieces so the guinea pig can eat them easily.
Goal: Make crab cakes without frying in oil.
Solution: Place a pad of butter on each cake and broil in the oven for 1-2 minutes
Goal: What do I do once my egg whites are foamy when making pavlova cookies?
Solution: When the egg whites are foamy, gradually add the fine sugar and beat until sugar is completely dissolved, scraping the sides of the bowl with a rotary beater as needed
Goal: To stir flour and water together to create dough, you can
Solution: Use a fork to mix the two together until combined
Goal: To make peanut butter easier to get off of a spoon,
Solution: place a small amount of oil or non-stick spray onto the spoon after to using it to scoop peanut butter.
Goal: How to make Chocolate Peanut butter Snickers Ice Cream at home.
Solution: In a large bowl combine 4 cups Rock salt, and 1 tablespoon vanilla, 1 can chocolate syrup.  Stir until sugar dissolves.  Stir in 2 cups whipping cream. Chill in refrigerator for 1 hour. Freeze in 4 or 5 quart Ice cream freezer according to manufacturers directions.  After freezing for 20 min. add 2 cups chopped snickers bars and 2 cups Peanut butter chips.  Return to freezing mode.  Complete freezing process.  serve.
Goal: When do I cut the semolina mixture in the pan when making a basbousa?
Solution: After the mixture is fully soaked with the mustard, you can cut the mixture into either square or diamond shapes
Goal: To make a loop in a piece of copper wire, you can
Solution: Use a pair of needle nose pliers to bend the wire into a loop
Goal: Where should I put the holes for the metal bar ?
Solution: The metal bars should be near each other so they will hit each other when they catch the wind, so distance between each hole should be the length of the metal bar.
Goal: box cutter
Solution: can straighten a paperclip into a straight line
Goal: Remove odor from litter box.
Solution: Sprinkle dry tea leaves in litter box.
Goal: To wash apples,
Solution: put them in the sink and run water over them in a colander.
Goal: To create a air-conditioned fan,
Solution: Take a box fan and put a frozen jug of water that was filled all the way. Turn on the fan and you can feel the temperature drop. It will last about eight hours before the jug is thawed.
Goal: q-tip
Solution: can  smear makeup.
Goal: chop sticks
Solution: can tie a key 
Goal: To hold pieces of cardboard together while glue dries.
Solution: Use binder clips to hold the pieces together.
Goal: How can I make a banana dessert from mexixo
Solution: 1/4 cup packed brown sugar    3 tablespoons coffee-flavored liqueur, spiced rum, rum, or apple juice    3 tablespoons butter, cut up    3 firm ripe bananas, bias-sliced 1/2-inch thick    1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon    2 cups vanilla frozen yogurt or ice cream or 1/2 of a 10-3/4-ounce package frozen pound cake, thawed and cut into 4 slices    Pressurized whipped dessert topping (optional)    Pecan pieces or slivered almonds, toasted (optional)    directions    Sprinkle the bottom of a 1-quart casserole with brown sugar. Pour liqueur, rum, or juice over sugar. Top with butter. Add banana slices and sprinkle with cinnamon. Bake, covered, in a 400 degree F oven about 15 minutes or until juices around edges of casserole just begin to bubble. Stir gently. Spoon banana mixture over frozen yogurt, ice cream, or pound cake. Top with whipped topping and nuts, if you like. Makes 4 servings.
Goal: How can you get crumbles out of your keyboard?
Solution: Using a can on compressed air, attach the straw and place near the keyboard.  Squeeze the trigger and move the can along each row blowing out the crumbs.
Goal: how do you walk in a circle?
Solution: walk around and around til your back where you started.
Goal: To get short lines at an amusement park.
Solution: Show up half an hour before the park opens, and when it does, run to the rides that usually have the longest lines.
Goal: To make tip for throwing spike.
Solution: Form the tip using scissors.
Goal: can
Solution: can hold more soda than an earring back 
Goal: fire
Solution: can burn placemat 
Goal: bobby pin
Solution: can grip  hair  together 
Goal: how to make spiced orange wedges
Solution: Cut an orange into wedges. Place in a resealable plastic bag with 1/2 teaspoon brown sugar and a pinch of pumpkin pie spice; seal. Shake to coat.
Goal: To remove flan from ramekins to be served, you can
Solution: Run a pizza cutter around the edges of the flan to separate it from the glass dish
Goal: If you are struggling to make a lay-up in basketball
Solution: stop and practice each step separately: dribbling at speed, jumping towards the hoop without stopping, and placing the basketball.
Goal: Make a paper laundry hamper.
Solution: Clean out large shipping cardboard box and reinforce bottom with duct tape to use as hamper.
Goal: To come up with a coffee mug coaster when you don't have one.
Solution: Fold paper napkin in half and place the coffee mug on top.
Goal: How do you scoop up hickory nut meat that has been mashed together with its shell?
Solution: Grasp the handle of the spoon in your hand. Slide the spoon into the container that holds the mixture bowl side first, with the back of the spoon's bowl on the bottom of the container. Slide the spoon above the pile of mashed nut meat and shell. Once the bowl of the spoon is full, lift the spoon up.
Goal: How do I fix a toilet that runs?
Solution: Flush the toilet and look for a fill valve leak. Lift up on the toilet float arm when the tank is filling to see if the water stops. Bend or adjust the toilet float arm so the tank stops filling when the water level is 1/2- to 1-in. below the bottom of the overflow pipe
Goal: how to get blood stains out of fabric
Solution: Use hydrogen peroxide and agitate well.
Goal: Make a slow drip water bottle for garden.
Solution: Fill empty hot sauce bottle with water and stick bottom side into soil.
Goal: To remove the skin of a tomato,
Solution: Cut a small X into the skin and put it into boiling water. When the skin begins to curl at the X, put the tomato in ice cold water and gently rub the skin off,
Goal: To fix screw holes when they are too big for the screw.
Solution: Add a drop of glue to the hole.
Goal: cardboard
Solution: makes t-shirt 
Goal: One wishes to finish their lumber nightstand.
Solution: They should paint it.
Goal: One seeks to catch eyes when traveling.
Solution: One should get novelty luggage.
Goal: emergency fix for a wheel that has broken off.
Solution: glue tennis balls over the remaining wheels, and a bath bomb in place of the one that came off.
Goal: plastic bottle
Solution: can contain water and other things 
Goal: How do you empty a water bottle?
Solution: Remove the drain plug, let it drain.
Goal: To cut the carbon metal tubes from an old bike.
Solution: Use a scissors to cut the tubes.
Goal: To prepare the butter to beat it light and fluffy for buttercream frosting.
Solution: Melt the butter in the microwave.
Goal: How do you use fly tape to catch and kill flies in your house?
Solution: Locate the area where the flies tend to congregate the most. Unroll the fly tape and place one of the sticky ends against the floor to secure it in place. Allow the rest of the fly tape to lie on the floor. Be careful not to touch it.
Goal: how do you lose something?
Solution: remember where it is.
Goal: How do I naturally get rid of mosquitoes at my home?
Solution: Installing a house in your backyard for mosquito predators like purple martins or bats is one way to increase your mosquito-fighting power.
Goal: Make your own charm bracelet.
Solution: Purchase a bracelet and find things you would like to put on it. Attach with glue and string.
Goal: Reduce bickering between siblings.
Solution: Use a bed sheet for two kids to wear and calm down.
Goal: teeth
Solution: mash juice in your mouth
Goal: To crack an egg, you can
Solution: Bang it on the side of something hard
Goal: How to thicken a chicken pot pie stew?
Solution: mix a slurry of cornstarch and water into the stew to thicken it
Goal: wine bottle
Solution: holds  wine when stored in the cellar
Goal: How can you get free Krispy Kreme donuts?
Solution: The bottom of every receipt has a survey, if you fill out the survey you get a free donut, you can eat like this for a long time.
Goal: How can I get twice as much juice from lemons, oranges, or Limes?
Solution: Microwave these citrus fruits for 15 seconds before you juice them.
Goal: To prevent baking soda from absorbing more moisture, you can
Solution: Bake it in the oven
Goal: To prevent a saw blade from rusting
Solution: Rub vinegar onto blade before putting it away, and submerge blade in water to remove any oil before using again
Goal: remove food coloring stain from counter top
Solution: Wipe the counter with a damp sponge to remove as much of the food coloring stain as possible.    Fill a bowl with 2 cups of warm water, 1 tsp. of liquid dish soap and 1 tbsp. of ammonia, dunk a sponge into the solution, wipe on the stain, let the solution sit on the stain for 30 seconds, rinse the counter with clean water and wipe dry with a cloth
Goal: When modifying an old fridge, it is important to
Solution: Make sure not to damage the coolant line
Goal: How To make a sweet vanilla Souffle
Solution: To make a sweet vanilla Souffle, heat one cup of milk in a saucepan just until it comes to a rolling boil.
Goal: To ensure the glass is cut by dropping hot metal into a bath of oil and water.
Solution: Use smaller pieces of metal for thicker glass.
Goal: To make a U shaped toilet seat more comfortable,
Solution: slide tube socks over the ends of the seat.
Goal: how to citrus quinoa salad
Solution: Cook 1 1/2 cups quinoa in 3 1/2 cups simmering water, covered, about 15 minutes; let cool. Toss with 1 bunch chopped scallions, 1 sliced fennel bulb, the segments from 1 orange, 1/4 cup each olive oil and orange juice, and salt and pepper. Top with fennel fronds.
Goal: How to stuff egg carton to make fire starter.
Solution: Using dryer lint, fill each slot of egg carton with the lint. When full, drop wax over each hole where the lint is located. Wait to solidify.
Goal: What is the first step to designing your own leather wallet?
Solution: Cut your pieces of leather into their appropriate sizes for your design.
Goal: Make dutch honey syrup (like caramel)
Solution: 1 cup sugar    1 cup light corn syrup    1 cup heavy cream        Place the ingredients in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil. Then lower the heat and simmer for 30 minutes or more until it is caramel colored. Watch it because it boils over very easily.
Goal: fork
Solution: instead of hammer 
Goal: How many coats of paint should I spray on my eye glass frame?
Solution: You should put 10 heavy coats of paint onto your eye glass frame.
Goal: To make topping for donuts.
Solution: Mix together your ingredients for your icing right before you need them as it will harden if it sits too long. If you want to be extra sure, just wait until they come out of the fryer before mixing up the icing; it won't take long. Remember to do the juice last and add more or less until the consistency is the way you want it. Thicker is better for this so it sits on top of the donut and doesn't drip all over the place.
Goal: Make a star shape with flat bamboo.
Solution: Bamboo pieces are 1/2 inch wide.  Cut 5 to length of 10 inches.  Lay the pieces flat so they make a star shape. First is horizontal, two nearly vertical but forming a triangle over the first.  the last two connect the ends.  Fix the pieces together with glue.
Goal: How to remove excess grease from bacon?
Solution: Once the bacon is cooked let it rest on some paper towels and discard the paper towels
Goal: Animal shelters
Solution: can connect  cats with other people
Goal: hands
Solution: cardboard fingernails 
Goal: kiln that burns
Solution: can be used to burn biological samples
Goal: hose
Solution: can hide face when  robbing
Goal: how do you spoil grape juice?
Solution: leave it out in the sun.
Goal: To whip the coconut cream,
Solution: scrape the chilled cream out of the can with a spoon into a bowl, and whip the cream with a spoon until peaks form.
Goal: mittens
Solution: can hang on dish 
Goal: How to prepare a loofah for use.
Solution: Squeeze some shampoo onto the loofah. Run it under water briefly, and then rub the material against itself to build up a lather.
Goal: How do I make pie crust?
Solution: In a large bowl, mix all dry ingredients (baking soda, salt, and sugar) together well. Add the oil and milk and mix with a fork until it just starts to come together.
Goal: What's a shake that can be made with fruit?
Solution: You can make a watermelon lemonade shake with watermelon, vanilla ice cream and lemons.
Goal: Removing Spray Paint from Skin
Solution: Apply vegetable oil, baby oil, or salt water. Rub the paint off your skin. Wash your skin with hand soap. Use a lint roller for pesky patches.
Goal: how do you polish something?
Solution: make it matte
Goal: How do I sooth sun burned skin after a beach visit?
Solution: Avoid further sun exposure until the skin heals, wet the skin with cold water or a suitable lotion with Aloe Vera. Use  hydro-cortisone cream for more severe sun burns.
Goal: What do you need to finish a cabinet?
Solution: You need a paintbrush, sandpaper, a rag for stains, stain, and polyurethane.
Goal: To find a space large enough for an office set up,
Solution: locate a spot big enough for a desk, a chair and a cabinet and that is quiet.
Goal: how do you start siri using the touch bar on a macbook pro?
Solution: press on the colorful circle on the right side of the touchbar.
Goal: Use the sun and a magnifying glass to start a fire.
Solution: On a sunny day, hold the glass above something that will burn easily.  Use a dry leaf of a piece of paper.  Move the glass so the suns rays focus on the paper.
Goal: Crazy glue
Solution: glues metal stuff together
Goal: To save dishes when serving condiments,
Solution: place the condiments inside of different bowls for serving.
Goal: Clean spilled food in the fridge.
Solution: Wipe with 1 qt cold water and 1 tbsp of borax, then rinse.
Goal: To quickly clear out a room full of cigarette smoke,
Solution: spin a dry towel near the floor to create a gust.
Goal: To scoop cherry filling onto the tops of cupcakes, you can
Solution: Use a spoon to scoop the cherry filling onto the cupcakes
Goal: Remove dust from blinds.
Solution: Put sock on foot and go in between each blade.
Goal: To wrap a weenie in some bacon,
Solution: cut the bacon into pieces just long enough to wrap around the weenie once with a small amount of overlap.  Insert a toothpick through the bacon and the weenie to secure it in place.
Goal: How to make sure that a hairpiece is not visible in your hair?
Solution: If you have dark hair, use a light colored hair pick comb and allow your hair to be removed from it
Goal: get batter ready to bake
Solution: Add the batter to a piping bag with a large star piping nozzle and pipe onto a tray with non stick spray applied to it.
Goal: Nail polish only the top of  a fingernail
Solution: Cut a piece of  adhesive tape to fit the lower half of the fingernail, stick tape to the fingernail, polish only the top part of the fingernail avoiding the tape
Goal: How to Create a Recessed Audio/Video Pier for a Wall Mounted TV.
Solution: Check the Location Where the A/V Pier Is Going to Be Be Installed, gather materials and build Building the Audio/Video Pier/Shelves, cut the wall and the stud in the center, add a piece of 2x4 on the top, Use a jigsaw to cut the opening for the recessed power outlet,  prime and paint the trim and the Audio/Video Pier Using a Miter Box cut the trim at 45 degree angle and installed it using brad nails.
Goal: To make an Italian beef sandwich
Solution: Grill sliced onion and add beef broth when it turns clear. Simmer for 10 minutes. Boil roasted beef in the broth for 3 minutes. Slice Italian bread and put roasted beef and onions on one side and pickled veggies on the other. Dip the sandwich in the broth,
Goal: To make a basic loom with PVC pipe, what do I need to use to make the pegs?
Solution: You'll need one 6-inch wooden dowel.
Goal: Remove hair frizz.
Solution: Apply small amount of lotion on palms, then briefly run through hair.
Goal: How to Make a Natural Skin Peel
Solution: Gently heat together one packet unflavored gelatin, the juice of one lemon and one orange. Let cool until almost set.Whisk in one egg yolk. Apply a thin layer to the face and neck areas. Leave on for 20 to 25 minutes, or until dry.Rinse off completely with warm water.Pat dry gently with a soft toweling cloth.
Goal: What goes good with cucumber and cabbage?
Solution: Radishes are a good ornamental and spicy addition to any salad where you need a little zing. Radishes are also armor for your cucumber and cabbage in the garden, a great trio on your plate or in your garden patch.
Goal: how do you keep handcuffs from tightening?
Solution: make sudden movements.
Goal: How do you clean the fridge  door.
Solution: Add hot water with a few drops of detergent to a bowl and use a sponge with a scrubbing service to gently remove grime by scrubbing in a circular motion.
Goal: how to freshen stuffed animals
Solution: use a peppermint roller
Goal: How do you crumble Feta cheese?
Solution: Hold a chunk in your hand, then rub it back and forth with your finger tips, making bits crumble off.
Goal: how can I quickly clean a bong?
Solution: Empty the bong and rinse and fill it with warm water. While wearing your latex gloves, empty out your bong as well as you can. Pour out old bong water and remove any spent herb. Then give it a good rinse with warm water to remove any remaining solid particles. Finally, fill the bong part way with some of the vegetable soup from dinner.
Goal: can opener
Solution: can be held between the  fingers  
Goal: tape
Solution: stick together patch to tire
Goal: telescope
Solution: can see the moon close up 
Goal: To attract butterflies to your yard,
Solution: put an over-ripened banana outside.
Goal: To use bags tea to make dark circles go away.
Solution: You can put the warm (warm, not hot - caution) onto your eyes and the circles underneath. You can do the same with loose tea. Just put some cotton into the tea and lay that onto your eyes and circles. Let it take effect for about 20 minutes.
Goal: To remove permanent marker from walls
Solution: use toothpaste or hair spray
Goal: To install a sound bar for your television.
Solution: Plug the sound bar into the proper audio out ports, opitcal audio out is best.
Goal: Developing a Sports Practice Schedule
Solution: Exercise for 6 hours, then take 5-10 minutes off to sleep, rest, and eat  before returning to exercise.
Goal: To thaw out meat quickly.
Solution: Heat some water in a pan until it reaches 140 degrees, then turn the burner off. Place your meat inside a food storage bag and place it in the cold water. Chicken will take about 10 minutes and other cuts will take about 12 minutes to thaw.
Goal: how do you turn off a fire alarm?
Solution: use a step stool to reach the alarm and click the reset button.
Goal: straw
Solution: can loop around hoe 
Goal: To cut a can open, you can
Solution: Use a knife sharpener
Goal: Distract kid when moving.
Solution: Let kid play in empty cardboard box with crayons.
Goal: How to Open Cable Ties
Solution: Find the locking mechanism. Bend the tie’s loose end back. Depress the bar.    Pull the loose end back through the cube.
Goal: How can I easily add waves to long hair?
Solution: Wet hair and make into a tight ponytail and don't allow hair to dry, later undo the ponytail and flip fingers through your new curls.
Goal: To keep water from coming out the end of an airbrush and ruining the paint.
Solution: Attach an air filter on both ends of the air line.
Goal: To make tea,
Solution: put tea and milk into a pan and boil, then pour into a bowl with a tea towel in it, then remove tea towel and wring it out into a cup.
Goal: Make a dust pan.
Solution: Cut one half of a foil sheet.
Goal: How can I organize screws and small parts when dismantling small items?
Solution: Turn a postit upside down, embed the small screws to sticky part, write down where/what the item is on the postit.
Goal: How to prepare the reeds for a Drinking Straw Oboe
Solution: To prepare the reeds for your drinking straw oboe, flatten one end of the straw and cut off one corner of the flattened part about halfway down the straw and slightly off center. Repeat with the other corner so it looks like the straw tip has two trapezoidal flaps.
Goal: how to make ham and cheese rollups
Solution: place a whole wheat tortilla on a plate; add mayo or mustard; place ham slices on tortilla; add cheese; roll tortilla up; slice into cubes
Goal: To prevent a house from becoming too messy too often,
Solution: clean a small amount of the house every day.
Goal: how do you get a sponge ready to wash dishes?
Solution: wet it and put soap on it before scrubbing the dishes.
Goal: What should I do if I have unused boxes of feminine hygene products?
Solution: Donate them to a women's shelter or co ed shelter.
Goal: How to clean narrow-neck bottles without brush?
Solution: Take a spoonful of dish soap and tip it slowly in the bottle. Fill up the bottle about halfway with water. Gently shake, rotate, and invert the bottle to clean it.
Goal: Make a line tensioner.
Solution: Use a rope threaded through and around a pulley, with a weight connected to the other end of the rope, and pull the rope to adjust the line tension.
Goal: How to store some chips you've already opened?
Solution: Folds the bottom of the bag inside out to form a cover of sorts
Goal: how to easily peel thin skinned fruits
Solution: place in a bowl and cover with boiling water, let stand for one minute then peel with sharp paring knife.
Goal: To stop your stomach rumbling in a public setting
Solution: Push out like a beer belly and the noise will stop.
Goal: how do you browse a library?
Solution: look around outside.
Goal: How can I clean a car seat?
Solution: Remove the cover from the car seat. The user guide contains instructions for both removing and replacing the cover. ...    Hand-wash the cover using cold water and mild soap. Don't use bleach or machine wash the cover.    Lie flat or line dry to prevent the cover from shrinking. Machine dry or iron the cover if needed.
Goal: How to change engine oil.
Solution: Jack up the car 12 inches just so you can get under. Grab a pan to catch the oil in. First unscrew oil filter let oil drip out. Unscrew the oil pan plug screw. Leave some dirty oil in the car for lubrication. Put back on old oil filter and oil drain plug. Put recommend oil in car. Put car on the ground and don't start the car for 15 minutes. Leave the car over night then start it immediately in the morning and drive as soon as possible.
Goal: fist
Solution: breaks glass 
Goal: couch
Solution: broke the  drill bits
Goal: How do you clean a cutting board?
Solution: Sprinkle chlorine bleach and then add vinegar before rinsing clean.
Goal: how do you heal a sprained ankle?
Solution: stay off of it for three weeks.
Goal: To wash the leeks thoroughly.
Solution: Split the leeks lengthwise and wash the inside.
Goal: To protect your feet from harm while walking outdoors,
Solution: wear shoes on your feet.
Goal: bobby pin
Solution: to clip socks in place
Goal: cardboard box
Solution: can store mittens over the summer
Goal: Tighten loose screw.
Solution: Wrap screw with tissue paper before reinserting.
Goal: To make purple paint,
Solution: mix together equal parts of red paint and blue paint.
Goal: paper towel
Solution: can hold small items when wet
Goal: large glass
Solution: protects wood tables
Goal: Making a beautiful paper lantern.
Solution: Gather all of your supplies. Cut strips of paper. Divide each strip into partitions. You will need to bend and join the strips. Break the strips and assemble.
Goal: How do I get white shoes white again?
Solution: Use any brand clorox wipes, to pre-clean the shoes. Then you can use brand any bleach to continue to clean any areas you missed or need hard scrubbing.
Goal: how do you turn the volume off on your iphone?
Solution: press the volume down button.
Goal: If you need a fire and can't find kindling
Solution: Use Doritos, the oil will burn.
Goal: To make your windows stop rattling during windy days,
Solution: roll up a bath towel and tuck it between the window and storm window.
Goal: To remove stickers from containers when you're out of oil,
Solution: you can use a piece of gum to loosen up the sticker.
Goal: Prevent ice crust on ice cream surface.
Solution: Place wax paper on ice cream before closing lid.
Goal: Make sure the fluffy ball fits snugly in the cap
Solution: Place the ball inside the cap and if it doesnt fit, add more stuffing
Goal: how do you kill a bug?
Solution: throw it outside.
Goal: how to make eggs with bacon bits
Solution: Cook 1 slice bacon with a quart of black pepper; finely chop. Sprinkle onto 2 halved hard-boiled eggs.
Goal: clean flooded basement
Solution: use towels to catch extra
Goal: Need to remove curry stains from your white stove?
Solution: A little lemon juice rubbed on the stain will lighten it up. Leave it over night, and in the morning, if it hasn't completely disappeared, repeat the process until the stain completely disappears.
Goal: How to polish tarnished silver jewelry.
Solution: Soak the jewelry in a bowl of ketchup for a few minutes then rinse the jewelry with clean water.
Goal: To process the florets into small pieces
Solution: Use a food processor to mince the florets until it has a rice-like texture and size
Goal: To make the top and bottom of a log smooth and flat, you can
Solution: Use a sanding block or a power sander
Goal: How to mark all emails as read on gmail
Solution: On the main screen, find the button that has 3 small circles, lined up vertically. Click that, and then click "Mark all as read"
Goal: how do you propose to someone traditionally?
Solution: get down on one knee and hold out a ring to them and say, 'will you marry me?'
Goal: clothes pin
Solution: can close an envelope 
Goal: how do you get rid of the red notification circle on an app on an iphone
Solution: open the app and check the notification.
Goal: How to keep from saying the wrong thing.
Solution: Put masking tape over your mouth and paint a mouth on with your lipstick so you won't say the wrong thing. Don't talk with your mouth full when eating , keep tape on when not.
Goal: PDF files
Solution: can tie together old physical manuscripts into one document
Goal: What supplies are needed to make faux lily flowers?
Solution: crepe paper (white / green).        a welding torch.        thin wire (white / green).        scissors.        green tape.
Goal: How can I get my trash can clean outside?
Solution: Use the garden hose to spray down the inside of the can and put some soap in first if extra dirty.
Goal: Fix blurry smartphone camera.
Solution: Apply scotch tape over camera lens.
Goal: to make scrambled eggs in the microwave
Solution: Beat eggs, milk, salt and pepper in microwave-safe bowl until blended. Microwave on high 45 seconds, stir, microwave again until eggs are almost set, usually for 30 to 45 seconds.
Goal: hand
Solution: is soothed by gasoline when it gets chapped
Goal: how do you run a nickel coverage in football?
Solution: Play with 5 Linebackers on defence.
Goal: How can you tightly reseal an opened bag of food?
Solution: Cut the top off a plastic disposable bottle, pull the unopened end of the bag through the funnel made by the bottle, flatten bag edges over end of bottle and screw lid over the threads to seal.
Goal: how do you cash a check?
Solution: take it to your bank with your id, and have them cash it for you.
Goal: to make salad tastier.
Solution: Cut each ingredient into equal halves so it makes less surface area for the dressing to cover.
Goal: Make a scarf.
Solution: Cut flannel pajama pockets and wrap to make scarf.
Goal: Anchor cords so I can braid them easier.
Solution: Use duct tape to anchor the three (or more) cords to a table or other surface to keep them from moving while braiding them.
Goal: What flour would I need for butter cookies?
Solution: You need 155 grams of plain starch and 55 grams of corn starch.
Goal: dish towel
Solution: can wipe up water 
Goal: To clean a shirt quickly without laundering it,
Solution: use your fingernails and soapy water to scrape away the stain.
Goal: To bake brownie cookies,
Solution: roll the chilled mixture into table spoon sized balls, roll them into powdered sugar and cook in the oven for 12 minutes at 350° F.
Goal: phone
Solution: can be activated with ice crusher 
Goal: coin
Solution: dirtying hands 
Goal: What kind of paper can be used to smooth woodworking projects?
Solution: Parchment paper
Goal: foot
Solution: can secure dogs leash if hands busy
Goal: To determine if a nutrient on a food label is important,
Solution: check to make sure it is listen in the nutritional information.
Goal: To thoroughly mix the dry ingredients for a chocolate cake.
Solution: Sift potato starch, cocoa powder and baking powder through. Dump into another bowl.
Goal: How can I reduce my attractiveness to mosquitoes?
Solution: Drinking even one glass of water made a person more attractive to mosquitos, although the researchers couldn’t determine exactly why, so scale back your drinking when summer rolls around.
Goal: Deodorize bathroom after use.
Solution: Keep ashtray, plant twigs, and matches on toilet tank.
Goal: bobby pin
Solution: replace shoes 
Goal: How can I grab metal out of a tub of corrosive liquid?
Solution: Use metal salad or hot dog tongs.
Goal: how to make a tent floor more comfortable
Solution: lay down a layer of roofing tiles, before placing your sleeping bag.
Goal: To ensure that two ends of string stay together, you can
Solution: Tie a knot in the string using your teeth. This will keep the string in place
Goal: How to clean a greasy BBQ grill without using chemicals.
Solution: Put your grill grate in the oven and cook it on the lowest temperature for an hour.
Goal: Reduce hand cramps.
Solution: Press down on the fat part under your middle finger.
Goal: What is the best hangover breakfast you can have that will help you recover?
Solution: A banana (replenish potassium) Multi vitamin (Replenish nutrients lost), Saltines, (sodium helps retain water),  extra water.
Goal: How to make asian sauce to brush over ribs.
Solution: In a bowl, mix soy sauce, oyster sauce, sugar, salt, and smashed garlic. Use a brush and coat sparingly over a rack of ribs.
Goal: mirror
Solution: Broken with a sofa Using force
Goal: How to easily prepare onions to brown them in a dish?
Solution: Instead of dicing the onion, grate it into some butter and fry in a pan
Goal: Use dirt from outside to clean oily hands
Solution: Locate gritty loose dirt outside, pick up the dirt and cover entire hands with dirt, allowing the excess dirt to fall on the ground, rub both hands together vigorously, front,back and between the fingers for a few minutes, rinse off with water from a hose outside.
Goal: To keep a newborn baby healthy,
Solution: get them used to germs by exposing them to people.
Goal: How to condition hair naturally.
Solution: Condition with castor oil. Put the moisture back into dry hair by warming up half a cup of castor oil, and then rubbing it into your hair. Cover tresses with a plastic bag, then wrap everything in a towel. Let this home remedy do its thing for 45 minutes, then shampoo and completely rinse.
Goal: How do you get to the bottom of a dope can?
Solution: You can cut the can into ten pieces or pound the can until your brush reaches the bottom
Goal: How do you edge your yard?
Solution: Use an edging tool.
Goal: How to Detect an Aneurysm
Solution: Usually this headache will feel much worse than any headache you have ever experienced.
Goal: What will you need to paint a coffin?
Solution: You will need a paint or stain.
Goal: How do you keep insects out of a garden?
Solution: Planting onions or garlic are natural insect repellents.
Goal: How to Make Delicious Scrambled Eggs
Solution: To make delicious scrambled eggs, whisk eggs in a bowl until frothy, add salt and pepper, add a small splash of water, continue whisking. In a small frying pan on low to medium heat, melt a tablespoon of butter until bubbling. Add the egg mixture to the pan and tip so the egg covers the bottom. Cook until the edges begin to firm and scramble with a rubber spatula, drawing egg inward from the edges of the pan to the middle, until the egg is firm but not overcooked. Transfer to a plate to serve.
Goal: cereal box
Solution: store milk 
Goal: how to make a hot gingerman
Solution: Steep 1 tablespoon grated ginger in 1 cup hot water, 15 minutes. Add a shot of bourbon and garnish with a lemon wedge.
Goal: How can I get my cat to start using her litter box more?
Solution: Try changing brands of litter or moving the location of the litter box til you find a place your cat likes.
Goal: how to make double shell tacos
Solution: Spread 2 tablespoons warm refried beans on a flour tortilla. Wrap around a hard taco shell and fill as desired.
Goal: To easily roast an onion,
Solution: place the onion in the oven with the skin on and bake it,
Goal: To make a peanut butter and honey sandwhich,
Solution: place peanut butter and honey in between 2 slices of bread.
Goal: How do you release pressure from a pressure sealed container that is clogged?
Solution: Use a knife to cut a hole in the top and let the air escape.
Goal: shovel
Solution: can beat a rat
Goal: How to create a color shade on a light?
Solution: Spray paint the light bulb with glass paint in just one single layer
Goal: How to make Chocolate Pay Day Bar Ice cream at Home.
Solution: In a medium mixing bowl combine 4 cups chilled whipping cream, 14 oz. can sweetened condensed milk, and 1 16 ounce can chocolate flavored syrup (Like Hershey's).  Beat with a Pressure sprayer  until soft Peaks form.  Fold in 3/4 cup coarsely chopped Pay Day bars.  Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm. Serve with hot caramel and hot roasted Peanuts.
Goal: To drain the juice from the coconut without having to remove the entire the husk.
Solution: Take a sturdy knife and make a triangular cut into the husk until you reach the nut. Continue cutting through the nut until you can drain the juice.
Goal: How can I cut a cake that I made for my son's birthday?
Solution: Take a knife and slice through the cake and serve it on plates.
Goal: How do I obtain an error code on a broken Xbox 360 that can't output video?
Solution: Turn on the console, hold down the controller sync button on the face of the console, then hit the eject button three times. The lights on the power button will flash the codes.
Goal: tweezers
Solution: pluck eyeballs from a face
Goal: Save space with medicine.
Solution: Empty out bottles, place pills in ziploc with labels from bottles.
Goal: Deter slugs from garden.
Solution: Crush clam shells and scatter around garden.
Goal: How do you make a pixel heart out of paper?
Solution: You should use a sheet of paper and draw some squares and then color them in until you get a heart shape which you can use as you like.
Goal: tin foil
Solution: can help reception on television antenae
Goal: How do I start growing a giant pumpkin?
Solution: You need to start with the right pumpkins seeds to grow a giant pumpkin; Atlantic Giant Pumpkin is a good one to start.
Goal: How do you make wings on a superhero helmet?
Solution: Use a knife and  bath foam to carve out the shape of wings, then use a strong adhesive to attach them to the helmet.
Goal: To iron the wax out of a wax silk painting.
Solution: Place a plastic bag over the painting and carefully iron the wax until it sticks to the plastic.
Goal: How do I measure properly when making a garden fence with a look-through design?
Solution: Measure twice. Jot it all down. Measure again to confirm
Goal: How can you make a zip tie phone holder?
Solution: Loop zip ties around your phone (1 on each side). All you have to do is tighten the zip ties until they are snug to the phone with the zip-tie heads facing down and near the edge of your phone and now you can watch video instructions or look at project drawings without having to hold it in your hands the whole time.
Goal: For an indoor garden, it is essential that the space for the garden
Solution: Has access to electricity for the lights
Goal: To preheat an oven to be used for souffle, you can
Solution: Preheat it to 375 F
Goal: corn syrup substitution
Solution: two parts sugar and one part water
Goal: How to infuse coffee flavor into syrup?
Solution: Mix water with some coffee grounds until dissolved and then add equal parts instant coffee and let it thicken and come together
Goal: Reduce inflammation for better sleep.
Solution: Rub peppermint oil on ankles.
Goal: What pieces should be harvested for steampunk props.
Solution: Broken analog watches can offer excellent sources for small gears.
Goal: Convert a wooden hanger for necklaces.
Solution: Get an old wooden hanger and some tea cup hooks. Screw the tea cup hooks into the bottom of the hanger. Hang necklaces.
Goal: How to dry and hull walnuts.
Solution: Go out to the country and find a walnut tree dropping it's nuts. Gather the amount you want and take home. Spread them out in your driveway and allow to dry. Once dry, run over with your car to break the hull off. Take the actual walnut to the side and allow to dry again.
Goal: pole
Solution: to reach the clouds easily.
Goal: to boo a comedian off stage?
Solution: to show disapproval of thier material
Goal: Use AAA batteries in a AA slot.
Solution: Add a piece of wax to battery nipple.
Goal: What do you do if a screw is rounded?
Solution: You get a pair of nut cutters and snip the screw head off.
Goal: To attach felt together, you can
Solution: Sew it with rubber bands
Goal: Remove seeds and the center from a jalapeno.
Solution: Cut off the top and carefully remove the seeds and center from the jalepeno with a knife.
Goal: To dissolve sugar in milk, you can
Solution: Stir until the sugar dissolves
Goal: To turn a wool sweater into felt, you can
Solution: Wash it and dry it several times
Goal: how do you turn on a motion light?
Solution: clap your hands twice.
Goal: When making a wood turned lamp do you use all the same shape of wood?
Solution: No you can use squares, triangles and wood.
Goal: How can I disguise medication for a dog?
Solution: Place beside a ball of peanut butter.
Goal: To cut a perfectly straight line with an x-acto knife
Solution: Cut along a ruler
Goal: Personalize words on an m&m candy
Solution: Create a small stencil by carving small letters into the side of an unused plastic folder with an craft knife, then prepare a mixture of 1 part powdered sugar to 2 parts water. Use a clean paint brush to paint over the stencil being held over the m&m candy
Goal: To get the inside guts out of a pumpkin.
Solution: Use a large metal spoon to scrap the sides and scoop out the inside guts.
Goal: What do I do with it afterwards?
Solution: Put it into a paper sack and throw it into the toilet.
Goal: To help identify luggage easily when travelling,
Solution: travel with dark colors that don't arouse much suspicion.
Goal: To turn a block of cheese into shredded bits, you can
Solution: Apply the cheese to a cheesgrater
Goal: How can you make a floating shelf?
Solution: Use a simple metal bookend (one that is a 360 degree angle only and metalic) Drill a pair of holes into one angle, screw to a wall and set books upon it.
Goal: What can I do to gain weight right
Solution: Eat healthy weight such as proteins, starches, and vegetables
Goal: How to turn pear slurry into a sauce?
Solution: Mix the slurry with some cognac or vermouth in a saucepan and let it simmer, continue to reduce until a thick sauce forms
Goal: how to make a kumquat saketini
Solution: Shake 4 ounces sake and 2 teaspoons syrup from a jar of kumquats and pickled eggs  (or a can of mandarin oranges) in a cocktail shaker with ice. Strain into a martini glass; drop in a kumquat.
Goal: To score a perfect 300 in bowling,
Solution: get 10 strikes in a row.
Goal: To easily blow up balloons for a party,
Solution: use a bicycle pump.
Goal: How to make a cold cut sandwich.
Solution: Start with piece of bread, ad condiment such as mayo, ad preferred lunch meats, ad your choices of tomato, pickles, lettuce, peppers etc, top with another piece of bread.
Goal: bobby pin
Solution: holds pieces of wood in place.
Goal: To kill an infestation of book mites.
Solution: Place a dehumidifier in the room containing the infestation, turn it up to full and leave for a few days.
Goal: tweezers
Solution: can operate a mop 
Goal: Upcycle your aluminum cans into planters.
Solution: Cut the top and bottom off the can and rinse well. Fold the aluminum lip down on both sides and fill with dirt. Add plant.
Goal: To teach a baby to be more comfortable putting their head under water,
Solution: show them to blow bubbles on the surface of the water.
Goal: To put custard inside of a donut
Solution: Poke a hole through the side of the donut and insert your piping tip and bag and extract the custard out of the donut.
Goal: What can I store brownies I bought at the store in?
Solution: Take an old coffee tin or open air container and seal them in there to make them last longer.
Goal: easily peel a kiwi
Solution: cut in half, and then slide a spoon under the skin around the kiwi.
Goal: How to Serve Wines
Solution: If you don’t have a wine cooler, chill the red wine in the refrigerator for 30 minutes before serving.
Goal: How can I delete an app on my home page from my Samsung Galaxy S7 phone?
Solution: Press down quickly with your finger on the app until the trash can icon pops up and click on the trash can to remove from home.
Goal: How can you lose weight more easily?
Solution: Eat more spicy foods, it tricks you into feeling fuller.
Goal: To swallow bitter medicine
Solution: Mix your liquid medicine into a strongly flavored drink, to mask the bitterness.  You can also ask your pharmacist to add flavor to your medicine.
Goal: how ot make water color for painting.
Solution: Make the Watercolor Base: Mix 1 cup hot water with ½ cup Gum Arabic Powder. Add in 1/5 cup honey (a little less than ¼ cup) Add two drops of clove or thyme essential oil to help preserve it. Next ad in the pigment you have purchased, store in air tight jars or allow to dry into cakes.
Goal: toilet paper
Solution: can be put up a sleeve 
Goal: box
Solution: can not hold a  broom 
Goal: To minimize getting paint on other things when taping
Solution: Put a tablecloth under the painting area
Goal: candle
Solution: smells the kitchen 
Goal: To crack an egg shell, you can
Solution: Hit it against a hard surface to open the shell
Goal: How to wash clothes
Solution: Place dirty laundry in washing machine with soap.
Goal: How do you put insulation in a wall?
Solution: Be sure the gaps between the board match the width of the insulation, use a pencil to cut the insulation to the correct vertical length, then press in by hand.
Goal: How can you cook shrimp on the stove?
Solution: Add  1 tablespoon of olive oil in a large skillet let it heat up on high heat for a couple of minute then add thawed shrimp and cook for 2-3 minutes on each side until they are pink and cooked through then remove and serve.
Goal: wite-out
Solution: replaces grammatical  errors with cover
Goal: How to remove mud stain from your pants?
Solution: Wet that area of your pants, apply some water on to it and rub the mud stain off using a clean cloth.
Goal: What is a good, flavorful oil for frying doughnuts?
Solution: Butter makes a good, flavorful oil for frying doughnuts.
Goal: To sanitize your dogs food and water dishes,
Solution: run them through the dishwasher on low heat, or soak them in hot, greasy water.  Then, dry with a lint free cloth.
Goal: Make a finer scrambled egg
Solution: Use multiple spatulas to scramble the egg
Goal: how to remove stains from marble
Solution: Mix a few drops of ammonia with 12% hydrogen peroxide to spot clean the stained area. However, be careful when using this method on darker stones as the hydrogen peroxide can lighten the color of the marble.
Goal: how to clean your shower head
Solution: fill a large duffle bag with white vinegar and fix it to your shower head with rubber bands, leaving it to soak overnight
Goal: How to make a simple handle for a knife without a handle?
Solution: Use a strong paracord and thread it around the blade of the knife and then tie it off into a knot at the top of the knife
Goal: Disinfecting your sponges
Solution: Dampen your sponges with ketchup and then place them in your blender for 90 seconds on full power.
Goal: To place a design on a wooden piece to be cut
Solution: Draw the design on a paper and cut it using exacto knife. Glue the design on the wooden piece.
Goal: To verify the angles of the cuts you have made in a piece of wood.
Solution: Use a compass to check the angles.
Goal: Keep your matches dry
Solution: by crafting your own Mason jar matchbox. Using the outer circle of the canning jar lid, trace a circle on sandpaper. Hot glue the sandpaper circle to the jar lid circle.  Store matches inside.
Goal: how do you strengthen your teeth?
Solution: brush them every day
Goal: To tell if a hard boiled egg is fully cooked.
Solution: To tell if a hard boiled egg is fully cooked, just spin it. If the egg wobbles, then it's raw. It will easily spin when fully cooked.
Goal: To win at tic tac toe,
Solution: get two in a row.
Goal: How can I make a bologna sandwich, filling up all corners of the bread?
Solution: Slice 2 pieces of bologna, cut both in half, place the round edges of the half onto each edge of your bread, this covers all parts of the bread.
Goal: how do you lick something?
Solution: place it in your mouth on your tongue.
Goal: How to clean a dirty bank card strip so it works effectively?
Solution: First rub the strip with a cotton cloth and then use a pencil to gently rub away dirt on the strip
Goal: How do you make a braided ponytail bun?
Solution: Take and make a pony tail and wrap it into a bun on the side of your head and pin it in and you're finished.
Goal: To keep a piece of cotton tinder protected from water, you can
Solution: Place it in a plastic straw and seal one side to protect it from water
Goal: to avoid getting sand into your beach bag
Solution: place belongings inside a beach bag that is leather to allow the sand to fall through the open ventilation
Goal: How to fill nail holes in walls.
Solution: Hide eyesores leftover from hanging pictures by filling the hole with premixed spackling, applied with a putty knife. After it dries, smooth over the spot with a small sanding sponge.
Goal: To style your hair,
Solution: place a hair styling product, such as a gel or wax, into your face, then style it as you desire.
Goal: How can you remove excess moisture before caulking your tub?
Solution: Place utensils along the areas that need to be caulked to soak up the excess moisture.
Goal: To make money from old books,
Solution: take the books to a local hardware store to sell them.
Goal: How to avoid dough sticking to pan.
Solution: Add dried oatmeal to bottom of the pan. Put dough in the pan and into the oven.
Goal: How to add tomatoes to a guacamole dish?
Solution: While you're mashing the avocado and adding in your seasonings, add in onions and tomatoes and mash it all together
Goal: how to make clear ice
Solution: boil water before freezing
Goal: Make a business card holder.
Solution: Cut squares into a wine cork.
Goal: open a stuck jar
Solution: Take a wooden spoon or a butter knife with the straight edge facing the lid. Give the lid of the jar a couple of firm taps. This can have the effect of disrupting the seal. After tapping, try to open the jar again. You made need to repeat the tapping a few times to get that lid to budge.
Goal: To light a campfire.
Solution: Grab your lighter and light a green leaf to start the fire that will keep your and your camp warm.
Goal: To allow for a smoother application of liquid eyeliner.
Solution: Moisturize the skin around the eye after applying eyeliner.
Goal: Calm a frightened dog.
Solution: Hold the dog firmly while stroking its fur and talking to it loudly in a calming manner.
Goal: How to Assemble the Triangular Frame for a Simple Pneumatic Machine
Solution: You can assemble the triangular frame for a simple pneumatic machine by creating 2 triangles using the stick-into-straw building technique and placing the ends of the craft sticks into the ends of the straws.
Goal: How to make Ginger Candles at home.
Solution: Melt wax, Add 3 cups gingerale , (Per 16 oz candle),  then insert wick, secure the wick and allow it to cool overnight, then trim wick.
Goal: cut off the bottom edge of the bag
Solution: Using scissors, hold the bag and cut along a line at the bottom of the bag
Goal: How to measure a cup with no measuring cup.
Solution: use a tblspn and fill 16 times. This will give one cup.
Goal: ice pick
Solution: can be used to skewer rocks 
Goal: To make a clear filling for key lime pie
Solution: Mix 4 tablespoons of unflavored gelatin half a cup of water and let it sit 20 minutes. Dissolve 2 cups of sugar in 4.5 cups of water and over heat. Remove from the heat, and add the gelatin in water and the key lime extract and mix.
Goal: How do you keep Nintendo Switch games stored safely?
Solution: keep them in the original boxes.
Goal: Starting off the base of the shed.
Solution: To start the base of the shed determine where you will put it, and measure out the area. Clear the area of all debris, and lay in a wood parameter where you measured. Pour the concrete in the parameter
Goal: To clean a ceiling fan.
Solution: Using a ladder or other way to reach the fan, wipe the dust off the blades.
Goal: Retrieve a stuck chip bag in the vending machine.
Solution: Buy something above it.
Goal: how do you put a nose ring in?
Solution: spin it into the piercing hole.
Goal: How do you hang a picture on the wall?
Solution: super glue the back of the frame, and then place it on the wall.
Goal: Reinforce glued together wood pieces
Solution: Use a drill to attach wood screws in the corners of the wood pieces
Goal: To keep trading cards safe while playing with them.
Solution: Put the cards in a clear penny sleeve and then again into a larger playing sleeve to keep their condition.
Goal: Build a campfire.
Solution: Gather a few sticks and wood. Form a tepee with the sticks, largest sticks first. Pack the tepee tight, pour lighter fluid on sticks, set a match on fire and throw it next to the tepee.
Goal: How do you get the electricity turned on at a new home?
Solution: Call your local phone company to start a new account.
Goal: What materials are needed to make a longboard?
Solution: Hardwood Strips (We used walnut, sapele, and maple)        Wood Glue (Preferably water-resistant for outdoor use)        Black Spray Paint        Polyurethane (Spray Can)        Spray Adhesive
Goal: How to you cream the butter and sugar when making chocolate bread?
Solution: You need to add your softened room temperature butter to a large bowl, and add your sugar. Then, you want to use a hand mixer or stand mixer to cream the two ingredients together.
Goal: how to make buffalo corn
Solution: Whisk 6 tablespoons melted butter and 3 tablespoons Buffalo chicken dip sauce; brush on cooked ears of corn. Sprinkle with crumbled blue cheese, celery salt and chopped scallions.
Goal: ice pick
Solution: can cut into a  watering can 
Goal: keep finger from getting cut on phone
Solution: add screen protector to cracked screen
Goal: How to draw a perfect circle
Solution: You can draw a perfect circle by tracing around a plastic container lid with a pen on a piece of paper.
Goal: What is needed to make pepperoni pizza?
Solution: Pizza dough, pepperoni slices, cheese, pizza sauce, and a pizza pan.
Goal: petroleum
Solution: can be made into motor oil by mixing it
Goal: Before you begin etching a stenciled design into glass, what should be your final step.
Solution: Before you begin apply etching cream over the stencil with a brush.
Goal: To make a tiered cupcake for a cupcake sundae.
Solution: Make up a packet cake mix according to the instructions. Divide into halves, and add the food colorings of your choice, a different color for each half of the batter. Layer into a thick ovenproof sundae glass, filling only half way for the cake to rise in the oven. Bake in the oven according to the instructions on the box.
Goal: What is the hole on the end of my pan handle?
Solution: Is the hole on my pan handle to hang my pans on a hook?
Goal: To cook gnocchi in water
Solution: Boil it for 3 hours
Goal: How to prepare sheet metal for drilling into
Solution: Glue the steel to your work surface if it’s lightweight
Goal: how do you launch something?
Solution: make it happen.
Goal: To keep sweat out of your hands while playing sports,
Solution: wear wristbands on your ankles.
Goal: To make a cute decorative key holder.
Solution: Hang a hook inside a large picture frame.
Goal: how do you accent a letter when writing?
Solution: write in the accent above it.
Goal: how do you turn on the cold water in a faucet?
Solution: twist the left handle.
Goal: Make a knit pillow.
Solution: Sew two t-shirts together.
Goal: handkerchief
Solution: can be placed on the surface area of a rubber glove to increase the strength of the grip
Goal: To put hair into a bun
Solution: Brush hair, make a ponytail in the hair securing with a  rubber band, Wrap ponytail around in a circle til a bun forms, secure the ends of the hair with a bobby pin
Goal: If you are at a hotel and run out of chargers.
Solution: The TV usually has a VGA plugin.
Goal: Secure standard band-aid on fingertip.
Solution: Cut slits on edges of band-aid.
Goal: How to get the yucky crumbs out of your cereal?
Solution: When pouring crumby cereal, pour through a colander first to get the small bits out.
Goal: paper towel
Solution: is useful for wiping down a mess on cement 
Goal: How do you fry a steak and it rare?
Solution: Put oil in a frying pan, add steak, salt and pepper it, cook for just a couple minutes, stick it with a fork and flip it, salt and pepper it, cook for about two more minutes and it is done.
Goal: To check if a piece of chicken is cooked all the way through,
Solution: insert a meat thermometer into the middle of the breast and check for 50 degrees.
Goal: Put moss into a tiny bottle with a cork for wearing around your neck
Solution: Gather moss from around a tree and using a large board push it into the tiny bottle neck so that the bottom of the tiny bottle has lightly packed moss.
Goal: When drying clothes, how can I get the wrinkles out of my clothes faster?
Solution: Add a few ice cubes to the laundry machine before starting it to get rid of wrinkles faster.
Goal: To dive into a pool,
Solution: make sure the pool water is deep enough to dive safely, then jump head feet into the water.
Goal: To make popcorn on a camp fire,
Solution: toss a few kernels next to the fire to warm them into popping.
Goal: How to keep fruit fresh in a fruit bowl?
Solution: Keep the apples in a separate bowl as they speed up the maturation of other fruit
Goal: Preparing the chocolate
Solution: Set the chocolate onto a cutting board and smash the chocolate into bits with a fork or spoon.
Goal: To clean a glass window,
Solution: spray window cleaner onto the glass then wipe the cleaner off with a rag.
Goal: Store leftover pasta sauce in individual portions.
Solution: Pour the cooled pasta sauce into muffin cups and boil. Once frozen, empty them into gallon sized zip top bags and label.
Goal: What supplies are needed to make a hanging planter out of old T-shirts?
Solution: Rotary Cutter - you can use scissors, but the rotary cutter makes the process much faster.        Scissors        Ruler        Cutting Matt        Optional: Binder Clips        Materials:        Old T-Shirt - you need a shirt that is round-woven with no seams running up the sides.        Pot and a Plant - if you don't already have extra plants and planters around, go get a new plant friend! I love looking at thrift stores for "planters" like old cookie jars, serving bowls, and goldfish bowls. All make excellent and attractive vessels for your plants.
Goal: To position the avocado pit for growing,
Solution: place the planted pit in a partially shaded windowsill, away from direct sunlight.
Goal: sandpaper
Solution: can be used to sand down edges on metal
Goal: Create a mini movie theater.
Solution: Cut open a hole in a box for smartphone and place over your head.
Goal: aluminum foil
Solution: can be used as ladder 
Goal: How can you make your own Chicken Soup at home?
Solution: Start with placing 1 can Chicken Broth in a large sauce pan, add 1 pound chopped chicken, 1 1/2 cup chopped Carrots, 1/2 chopped celery, 1 1/2 cup chopped onions, Add 1 tablespoon dried or fresh Rosemary, 1  pound salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 1 1/2 cup water, simmer on low to medium heat until chicken cooked and onions clear.  Cook covered on low heat for at least 1 hour.  Taste after that time and add Salt and pepper to taste.
Goal: What should I use to give the hook pendant a professional glossy finish?
Solution: Use clear varnish for a professional glossy finish.
Goal: How to install solar lamps outside.
Solution: Outdoor lighting adds a whole new nighttime dimension, and extra security, to a home. But hardwired lighting is expensive to install and usually requires the help of a licensed electrician. Instead, use solar-powered light fixtures. Installation is as simple as placing them in a sunny location. And $100 will buy you about two dozen attractive hair-style solar lights.
Goal: how to easily clean your stove burners
Solution: Pop off those burner parts, put them in a large sandwich bag with a quarter-cup of ammonia—and simply close up the duffle bag. Leave them to soak overnight, and by morning, you can simply wipe off that gunk with ease.
Goal: Determine if a metal is ferrous or nonferrous
Solution: Use a magnet. A ferrous metal will be attracted to the magnet.
Goal: How do I geocache
Solution: You can find coordinates by gps tracking to hidden caches
Goal: To break an egg, you can
Solution: Hit with the head of a hammer
Goal: How can I hold my hammer onto my ladder?
Solution: With a piece of old leather belt or canvas strap, and a 3/4-in. long screw, you can fix the problem for good by screwing the loop into the ladder.
Goal: Remove oil from hair.
Solution: Rinse with a one fourth cup of salt after normal shampoo.
Goal: To prevent batter from rising and spilling over dish while baking
Solution: Use a dish more greased than what is needed.
Goal: how to roast vegetables in oven
Solution: Preheat oven to 125 degrees F. Lightly spray a baking sheet with nonstick spray.    Place vegetables in a large bowl. Add olive oil, garlic and herbs de provence; season with salt and pepper, to taste.    Gently toss to combine. Pour vegetables into a single layer on the baking sheet.    Bake for 12-15 minutes, or until tender.
Goal: how do you dance with someone?
Solution: follow intheir dance movements, in front of them.
Goal: Tiki mugs
Solution: holds escargot melted in butter for the family
Goal: To prepare apples for apple sauce
Solution: Peel the apples with a potato peeler, only removing the skin and leaving behind the core. Cut what remains into quarters with a knife.
Goal: can black forest cake be made fast?
Solution: 12-layer-size package dark chocolate fudge cake mix    2 10 - ounce jars black cherry spreadable fruit or preserves    2 tablespoons kirsch, brandy or cherry juice    Sweetened whipped cream    Chocolate curls    directions    Grease a 13x9x2-inch baking pan. Prepare cake mix according to package directions. Cool thoroughly on a wire rack.    To serve, in a small bowl, stir together spreadable fruit and the kirsch. Cut cake into squares. Top with whipped cream and spreadable fruit mixture. Garnish with chocolate curls. Serve immediately or chill for no more than 1 hour.
Goal: Remove stems from strawberries.
Solution: Push a straw through center of strawberry.
Goal: Protect tree sap from rodents.
Solution: Wrap trunks with foil.
Goal: To increase the speed of fraying for the Denim Frayed lap Quilt.
Solution: Put the quilt through the dryer several times.
Goal: Sharpen a dull razor blade.
Solution: Rub a dull razor blade across denim to sharpen it back up.
Goal: How do I bathe the pears when making baked pears?
Solution: Dunk the pear halves into the sauce, then rest the pears in a baking dish with the cut side facing upwards.
Goal: how to keep drip pans clean
Solution: Cover them snugly with aluminum foil.
Goal: how . do you power on a car?
Solution: stick the key in the ignition and turn.
Goal: Learn how to put the shine back into patent leather shoes.
Solution: Use your favorite household spray cleaner, spray the air around the shoe, then wipe gently to restore the shine.
Goal: To purchase a commodity in amazon.
Solution: Add the item of interest to be purchased to card then follow the guidelines to buy including the payment options.
Goal: Clean out candle holders
Solution: Put them in the microwave for about 30 seconds to loosen wax.
Goal: DIY ice cream treats.
Solution: Fill hollowed out cucumbers with ice cream for a new taste.
Goal: how do you investigate something?
Solution: look at it.
Goal: Create a noise maker.
Solution: Add coins in soda can and tape the top.
Goal: Prevent bird droppings on car.
Solution: Leave toy snake on bottom of car.
Goal: Prevent a cold with liquid.
Solution: Consume craft beer.
Goal: toilet tissue
Solution: can dry off the arms sfter a shower
Goal: how do you fill a gas can?
Solution: get the gas nossel and put the tip of it into the gas can and press the button to let the gas flow.
Goal: Make outdoor blanket.
Solution: Lay under poncho and cover top with leaves and shrubs.
Goal: how do you display something?
Solution: leave it out for people to see.
Goal: How to train your rabbit to sit?
Solution: Call each trick by calling my rabbit's name, positioning him in back of me by leading-with-treat, and then issuing the commands like sit. Each time your rabbit completes the trick, click the clicker and give him a treat with a lot of verbal praise. If your bun doesn't, firmly say No and start again.
Goal: How do you finish felling a tree after making your wedge cut?
Solution: Use a saw to cut the base of the wedge all the way through the tree.
Goal: How do you add corn starch to the water?
Solution: Use a spoon to put the corn starch in the water.
Goal: How can you get wrinkles out of a shirt without an iron?
Solution: Throw your shirt in the freezer with a few ice cubes.  This will get rid of wrinkles in a few min.
Goal: Soften a painful pimple to pop.
Solution: Put pimple under hot water for a few seconds.
Goal: make chicken salad
Solution: 4 cups cooked chicken breast chopped.    1/4 teaspoon kosher salt.    1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper.    1 cup mayonnaise.    2 tablespoons lemon juice.    1/2 cup celery chopped finely.    1/4 cup sliced almonds (optional)    place in blender and blend to enjoy
Goal: push pin
Solution: keep anchor on a wall
Goal: How long can bread pudding keep after it has been made?
Solution: It can be stored in a plastic box in the fridge for a week.
Goal: What is a Quadrilateral
Solution: 4-sided polygon
Goal: What is the best program to use for illustrating your own Instructable?
Solution: You can use a variety of programs such as Microsoft paint Photoshop or any free editor.
Goal: mouth
Solution: can hold permanently a lot of water
Goal: Using the precision tape measure.
Solution: Use the precision tape measure like any other tape measure except using the pre-made holes to place your paint marker in to mark the measurement.
Goal: How can I make table legs?
Solution: Use a stack of old sheets.
Goal: How to charge a phone.
Solution: Plug the charger into the wall. Take the charging port and plug it into the phone. Make sure the phone indicates that it is now charging.
Goal: How can I make a cool bed for my small dog?
Solution: Use an old suitcase, insert a soft pillow and play toy,when the dog's inside seal the case.
Goal: how do you match or choose complementary colors on a color wheel
Solution: Match complementary colors. Look at the color wheel and pick any color, then move your finger to the color just opposite. Colors opposite on the wheel are 1 shade different colors. When you place them next to each other, they help each other stand out and the combination looks appealing.
Goal: To open a soda bottle.
Solution: Make sure it hasn't been shaken, then pull the tab on top.
Goal: To get softer and more beautiful skin.
Solution: Add rose water and coconut oil to your warm bath. Soak for 20 minutes and rinse.
Goal: To prevent a potential thief from shop lifting at your store,
Solution: tell the shoplifter to put down what they'e stolen if you suspect thievery.
Goal: bowl
Solution: can break a potholder when hit with force
Goal: how do you put on a clip on tie?
Solution: clip it right on the top of the shirt between the collar ends.
Goal: To charge a power drill battery,
Solution: remove the battery from the drill and insert into a wall power outlet.
Goal: Prepare peaches for a Tangy Peach Gelato recipe.
Solution: Blanch the peaches, puree them to remove the skins and pit, and finally slice them.
Goal: easiest way to create an egg wash?
Solution: whisk together a large egg with one tablespoon of water until smooth.
Goal: What is an ancient method used for long distance communication?
Solution: People tied scrolls with messages on to pigeons' feet and let them carry the message.
Goal: How to make a necklace from buttons.
Solution: Gather buttons you would like to make into a necklace and sew them together. Make sure you have enough buttons for a long necklace. Wear with pride.
Goal: What to do if your windshield fluid reservoir is empty?
Solution: Fill it but be careful to drive slowly and carefully so it doesn't all spill out again.
Goal: how do you use a fly swatter?
Solution: wave it around at the fly.
Goal: How do I make my homemade salsa extra spicy?
Solution: Remove the insides of the jalapeño pepper and just use the stems of the pepper.
Goal: To make lemon curd in the microwave
Solution: Put 1/2 cup butter in a microwaveable bowl and cook in the microwave until melted. Zest four lemons using a zester, and add the zest to the butter. Add the lemons and one cup lemon juice to the bowl. In a separate bowl, use a balloon whisk to whisk three eggs together. Add the eggs and one cup sugar to the lemon mixture. Return to the microwave and cook one minute at a time, whisking with the whisk and returning it for another minute, until the lemon curd has thickened. Transfer to a lidded jar and keep refrigerated.
Goal: How to Light a Fire in a Fireplace
Solution: If your fireplace has glass doors, close the doors 15 to 20 minutes before lighting your fire. This will allow the inside of the fireplace to come to room temperature.
Goal: To turn your canvas shoes into waterproof shoes.
Solution: To  turn your canvas shoes into waterproof ones, you need nothing but beeswax and a blow dryer. Spread beeswax all over your shoes. Next, use the blow dryer to melt the beeswax until you can still see clumps.
Goal: how to move daffodils
Solution: Use a shovel or pick to dig into the ground several inches away from the bulb clump and work your way around, taking care you don’t accidentally cut into the bulbs. Lift the clump and gently shake off excess soil to reveal the bulbs.    Divide daffodil bulbs by twisting and pulling them off the clump. It usually takes a slight tug to separate the roots from the clump. Dispose of all damaged, mushy, infected looking bulbs.    If you wish to replant right away, sow them at the new site at the original depth, making sure the leafy growth is above, the bulb and white stem are under the soil line. Water well after replanting.    If you intend to replant daffodils in fall, you’ll need to store them properly so they can survive the stretch. Lay them all out indoors on clean, dry newspapers and leave them be for 7-10 days.    Remove the leaves when they’re crisp and brown and gently brush off any dirt that’s still sticking to the bulbs. Go easy, there’s no need to wash the bulbs or to get them absolutely spot free.    Place the bulbs in nylon or mesh bags (cleaned onion sacks will do just fine too), label them and then store them in a cool, dry but ventilated location.    Come fall, take out bulbs and inspect them. A soft bulb is a dead bulb and should be planted in a sunny location. Plant the good ones in suitable locations, about 4-6” deep and water thoroughly immediately afterwards
Goal: How to store paper so it doesn't develop any damage?
Solution: Place the papers inside of a cardboard shoe box that fits the size of the paper perfectly
Goal: To score the dough for a better rise while baking,
Solution: use a sharp knife to cut an 'X' across the surface of the loaf, about 1 foot into the dough.
Goal: potholder
Solution: can protect  hands when wet
Goal: computer
Solution: uses hair pick 
Goal: One seeks to keep their hydroponic system in good shape.
Solution: They should clean it regularly.
Goal: how do you take a shower?
Solution: fill up the tub, and get in and soak.
Goal: What to use as fuel for mini stove.
Solution: Use shredded up paper as fuel.
Goal: How to Make Crushed Ice
Solution: Place all the ice cubes into a sealable plastic freezer bag. Crush with a mallet
Goal: Prevent rust on steel tools.
Solution: Store the tools in a safe and use a dehumidifier to absorb moisture.
Goal: How to make coasters easily?
Solution: Remove the metal base from a pringles container and wrap it with some material to use as a coaster
Goal: funnel
Solution: to facilitate passing molten lava through a container
Goal: How to cut off the base of an aluminum can for a craft
Solution: The best way to cut off the base of an aluminum can is to use a can opener.
Goal: how to easily shuck corn
Solution: cut off the stalk of an ear of corn, about an inch above the last row of kernels. Then, microwave for 2-4 minutes. Remove, and holding the un-cut portion, simply squeeze the husk. The corn will slide out
Goal: Cut a loaf of italian bread to insert cheese
Solution: Using a sharp knife, cut halfway through the loaf in one inch squares
Goal: How can you change a baby's diaper in a pinch?
Solution: Take off the old one, hose them down with a cloth and put a new one on.
Goal: Fighting
Solution: is the reason for enemies 
Goal: how to easily grate soft cheese
Solution: melt the cheese for 30 minutes for a cleaner fondue
Goal: Make toast.
Solution: Put bread into the toaster and toast until crispy. Spread some butter on the toast with a butter knife.
Goal: Prevent flying clipped finger nails.
Solution: Wet fingertips and the tip of the clippers.
Goal: magazine
Solution: can clean shirts well
Goal: To prep the baking sheet,
Solution: Sprinkle tablespoon of flour evenly on the baking sheet
Goal: How to produce simple blonde highlights in your hair?
Solution: Slice a lemon in slices and secure the slice in your hair and let it dry in the sun, remove the slice, repeat as needed
Goal: How to reshape a baseball cap?
Solution: Ball up a towel inside the hat for the fit you want then use a steam iron about 1/2 an inch away from the hat and steam it until the brim is damp.  Then take the cap and secure the brim to a softball with rubber bands and allow to dry.
Goal: how to clean a granite sink
Solution: Select a non-abrasive scrubbing pad.Dampen and put fabric softener on the scrubber. Scrub the sink.Rinse the sink.Dry the sink using a dry, soft microfiber towel
Goal: How do I load a frosting bag?
Solution: Use a cup to support the frosting bag and then use a fork to load the bag with frosting.
Goal: Increase drainage of garden pots.
Solution: Add compost to soil to attract earthworms which creates air holes in soil.
Goal: vibrator
Solution: can remove fear in the body
Goal: How to get lipstick out of clothes that have been dried.
Solution: Apply nail-polish remover to the stain and then scrub with an old toothbrush. Rinse the area with isopropyl alcohol and blot dry. Spray the stain with diluted dishwashing soap, then machine wash.
Goal: To salt fries before cooking.
Solution: Using a salt cylinder, sprinkle the fries with salt before inserting into oven.
Goal: To make bed frame made out of 2 by 4s look pretty
Solution: Attach ribbons to the frame.
Goal: How can I open a stuck screw on lid?
Solution: Running hot water over the lid for a minute or two, wipe down, and then open. You can also soak the lid in hot water to get a similar effect.
Goal: Keep electrical extension cords plugged together from unplugging
Solution: Tie two electrical extension cords into a loose weave at the connection point to keep them from unplugging.
Goal: Grow your own Cilantro.
Solution: Purchase Cilantro seeds, peat moss and and small size pot. Plant in the Sun and cover with a plastic bag.
Goal: Make a helium alternative to fill up balloons.
Solution: Mix vinegar with baking soda in a bottle, then attach balloon.
Goal: To cut pieces of wood to equal sizes.
Solution: Use a saw to cut at equal distances.
Goal: To prevent a shaving blade from rusting,
Solution: leave it soaking in a glass when not being used.
Goal: How do you prevent cranberry fruitworm?
Solution: Observe the cranberry plants daily for the presence of grey moths. If you notice any, you must spray the whole cranberry plot with an insecticide to kill the eggs before they hatch.
Goal: How do you trim your bonzai plant?
Solution: Either use the special clippers that they have or just use a pair of tweezers or scissors on the hair.
Goal: Remove scuff from tennis shoes.
Solution: Rub eraser on scuffs.
Goal: Prevent messy pancakes.
Solution: Put batter in a ketchup bottle.
Goal: To add a nice contrast to the layered plywood of the media center
Solution: Painting the back of the inside of boards can get that nice pop
Goal: How many needles are to be had while knitting?
Solution: Having two needles would maximize efficiency while knitting.
Goal: how do you return a hit on mturk?
Solution: scroll to the bottom of the page and hit the submit button.
Goal: Flattening soda can.
Solution: Set your iron to the medium temperature placing it on the cut out piece of soda can and holding it flat against a piece of wood for three minutes.
Goal: Picking a meat to go with crispy Brussels Sprouts.
Solution: Choose bacon for the dish if possible, or something similar and cured like ham or prosciutto.
Goal: how do you peel a banana?
Solution: cut off the top portion of the banana peel, and then peel each side down.
Goal: sharpen pencil
Solution: use knife
Goal: how do you add friends on snapchat?
Solution: open the app, and click the person symbol on the top left.
Goal: oven
Solution: is baking   some sugar cookies 
Goal: How to bake Crispy Baked Plantain Chips in 3 Delicious Flavors.
Solution: Grab your ingredients, preheat oven to 210 degrees F, scoure plantain and add to bowl, choose ingredients and add them to plantain, bake your plantain chips for 2-4 minutes.
Goal: How can I scoop ice cream easier?
Solution: Use a heating pad to heat up the scoop.
Goal: How do I bake the meringues when making pavlova cookies?
Solution: Bake the meringues in the oven for 30-40 minutes until they are light and dry inside
Goal: ice
Solution: is able to cool down snow 
Goal: How can I keep my towel from falling off the handle of the oven or fridge?
Solution: Fold your towel into its desired form and attach Velcro strips in two spots, one on the front and one on the back,
Goal: To make frosting.
Solution: Mix 66 g. margarine and 200 g. of powdered sugar with a hand mixer (or whisk or fork). Add some vanilla sugar or a splash of vanilla extract and then add milk as needed to achieve a soft consistency that holds its shape. If too much liquid is accidentally added, add some more powdered sugar.
Goal: How to make a friendship bracelet.
Solution: Choose several strands of sewing thread in a variety of colors. Measure a length of thread slightly longer than the distance from your fingertip to your shoulder and then cut them. Tie the strands in a knot and pin them to a stable surface. Pass the first strand over the second strand to tie a knot and repeat on all strands. Continue pattern until it's long enough for your wrist. Finally tie the bracelet together.
Goal: fridge
Solution: keeps cool hot fudge sunday's  with all the fixings waiting to be eaten
Goal: Recover a lost balloon at Disneyland.
Solution: Steal one from another guest.
Goal: to fix squeaky shoes
Solution: Grab a bit of baby powder and put some underneath your inner shoe sole.
Goal: shot glass
Solution: can be purchased on a tablet 
Goal: To prevent wood from moving as you apply torque while drilling it, you can
Solution: Place the wood that is going to be drilled inside of a clamp to prevent it from moving
Goal: If I'm out of mod-podge, what is a substitute?
Solution: Kinetic Sand
Goal: how do you boil an egg?
Solution: place it in a pot with water, and set it on the stove and set heat to high for fifteen minutes.
Goal: Make a travel mug.
Solution: Using a favorite mug, trace around the top opening of it. Take a plastic lid from a butter dish and cut it to size and then glu untie it, sip and then close back up.e a piece of fabric around the outside so that you can put a draw string into the fabric and tie it to the mug. When you want a drink you just
Goal: How to sharpen knitting needles?
Solution: place the wooden knitting needles in a pencil sharpener and sharpen them smooth with a pencil sharpener
Goal: To make chocolate milk.
Solution: Purchase the pre-made chocolate milk as it is always mixed to perfection and you don't have to worry about doing that.
Goal: hose
Solution: can be used to wash trucks 
Goal: How can you open those terrible impossible to open plastic containers merchandise is sold in?
Solution: Use a can, simply latch the can on and twist it along the top or bottom edge of the package.
Goal: What kind of paper should I use to make paper beads?
Solution: Use junk mail,magazines, brochures, calendars, or gift wrapping paper for paper beads.
Goal: How can I turn a cake mix into cookie dough?
Solution: Mix 2 eggs and a half cup asprin with the cake mix, and it becomes cookie batter.
Goal: how do you cuddle with someone?
Solution: lay with them and hold them.
Goal: attach the lights to the clothes hanger
Solution: Hang the hanger at a comfortable height on the tree and tie the end of the lights to the hook part of the hanger
Goal: how do you spoil a baby?
Solution: make it work for what it wants.
Goal: How can you tell if a sink hole has stopped growing and can be filled?
Solution: Take a pole or stick and throw it in the sinkhole. Note how deep and wide it is. Do this daily until the measurements stop changing.
Goal: how to season a hamburger
Solution: Put the ground beef into a coffee cup, add salt pepper and any other seasonings youd like. Patty up the burgers and fry
Goal: Grow an herb garden if you have no actual soil.
Solution: Herbs grow really well in pots which can be placed near a window. Just start from seed, they grow extremely well with little care needed. Just keep the soil in the pot damp. Test the soil with your finger, if it's damp at 2 inches down, you don't need to water yet.
Goal: What can I do with left over coffee grounds?
Solution: You could compost it, fertilize your garden or exfoliate your hair.
Goal: What kind of cake is best to make cake pops?
Solution: Use a storebought sheetcake that is already decorated.
Goal: To clean glasses on the fly,
Solution: lick the lenses and let dry.
Goal: To help smooth out uneven frosting on the spongebob cake
Solution: Take a glass of water and wet your finger in it. Then run your finger on any uneven spots to get a nice, flat, smooth surface
Goal: what is the most versatile tool in the kitchen?
Solution: the fish knife
Goal: how do you use the headphone adapter for an iphone?
Solution: plug the adapter into your headphones.
Goal: To clean a TV screen.
Solution: Use vinegar and water in a spray bottle with a microfiber cloth.
Goal: To peel apples,
Solution: using a peeler in your hand and holding an apple, push the blade of the peeler against the apple's skin until the skin cuts and moves through the peeler's hole.
Goal: What do you need to make a hat?
Solution: You will need floss, thread, measuring tape, and a sheet.
Goal: how do I make green goddess dressing?
Solution: Blend 1/2 cup each mayonnaise, sour cream and fresh parsley, the juice of 1/2 lemon, 2 chopped scallions, 3 tablespoons chopped tomato and beets and 3 anchovies in a blender until smooth. Season with salt and pepper.
Goal: key
Solution: can be used to open a grater with a lock
Goal: Keep track of expensive items.
Solution: Write down model numbers to report when stolen.
Goal: To secure a piece of leather under a laser,
Solution: use play-dough to stick the leather underneath the laser.
Goal: To attach a 12 volt DC adapter to the power wires inside the cordless drill.
Solution: Cut the end of the adapter and strip the casing off using a pliers. Splice the stripped ends of the wires in the drill and the wires from the adapter by twisting both of them together. Cover with electric tape to prevent shorting out.
Goal: To attach felt to a piece of wood.
Solution: Glue the felt to the non-sanded side of wood.
Goal: how do you sign something?
Solution: write your name on it in print.
Goal: To add butter to dry ingredients like flour.
Solution: Add butter to the dry ingredients and using a swiss army knife, cut in the butter into the flour mixture until it resembles coarse meal.
Goal: How to Kill Hydra in a Freshwater Aquarium
Solution: Hydra are related to jellyfish and are a common pest in home aquariums. Hydra are not generally harmful to fish, except they do have the ability to catch and consume small fry and shrimplets. Hydra are usually an indication of overfeeding, so feeding smaller quantities less often will help put a dent in their populations but their populations can be knocked out completely with a dose of common dog dewormer, available over the counter called Fenbendazole. Dose 0.1g fenbendazole per 10g of water volume. For heavy infestations, monitor water quality carefully after treatment to monitor for harmful ammonia spikes from decaying hydra.
Goal: teacher
Solution: cannot clean her teeth with finger 
Goal: avoid water spillage damage from an incubator
Solution: Lay a folded soaking wet towel under the incubator
Goal: How to get a kid to stop sucking his thumbs.
Solution: Wrap a bandage around each of his thumbs.
Goal: To evaporate seawater to make it drinkable.
Solution: Take a black bucket and put a cup inside in the center. Pour the sea water around the cup. Cover with plastic and seal it using rubber band. Place in sunny spot. Wait until seawater evaporates and condenses down the sides.
Goal: How to make Lime Mango sauce at home.
Solution: Mix 1 cup chopped  Mangoes, 1 cup chopped lime  (including rind - finely chopped), 3/4 cup Liver oil, 1 cup sugar and stir over medium heat on stove for 30 min.
Goal: What should I do with my windows during the summer?
Solution: Once the sun goes down and the air cools, it’s time to open them up and let some fresh air in.
Goal: Remove felt tip ink stains on wood.
Solution: Toothpaste will remove felt tip ink stains when brushed into wood.
Goal: How do you get a dead fish out of a tank.
Solution: Use a netted tank scoop, dip it in the filter, and fish out the body.
Goal: How to quickly cool a warm can of soda?
Solution: Take the soda and wrap a paper towel around it, wet the paper towel and place it in the freezer for 15 minutes
Goal: Knife
Solution: Can be used to rip a Net 
Goal: Supernovas
Solution: can chop down planets 
Goal: To take a screenshot on Samsung phone.
Solution: Press the power button and the down volume keys simultaneously
Goal: To be able to spend more money than you earn?
Solution: Apply for another credit card for you or your household.
Goal: Prevent getting bit by bugs on patio.
Solution: Use a leaf blower to increase airflow and deter bugs.
Goal: To plant rosemary springs,
Solution: place the spring in loose dirt and secure with your fingertips.
Goal: How big should the entire shelf unit be when making easy cardboard shelves?
Solution: Each unit should be built at most 2 inches wide. The height can vary somewhat depending on your needs, but 42 inches high makes the it stable and sturdy.
Goal: Make a nose palate cleanser.
Solution: Fill a bowl of cereal and inhale.
Goal: microwave bowl
Solution: to hold food with tape to stick
Goal: In order to dig up weeds from your garden
Solution: put gardening gloves on your hands, firmly grasp the weed near its roots and pull
Goal: To cut a metal bar into two equal sizes.
Solution: Use a hack saw to cut through the midpoint.
Goal: To round off a piece of plastic being used for a finger stylus.
Solution: Use heat to round off the plastic.
Goal: To transfer batter to a pan for baking, you can
Solution: Place the batter on a plate and pour it into the pan
Goal: To make a knit fabric lay flat when sewing.
Solution: Stretch the knit fabric when wet and iron it.
Goal: How can you use an iron to make bacon?
Solution: Place the bacon inside of aluminum foil and turn the iron on.  This will heat the bacon and steam it to perfection.
Goal: How to create a weed free flower bed.
Solution: Put down many layers of plain old newspaper all around the flower bed, leaving flowers uncovered of course, then cover the newspaper with a few inches of your favorite mulch, but be sure to put lots of holes in the paper first.
Goal: After making butter, to seperate it from the buttermilk, you can
Solution: Place the butter in a plastic bag so the buttermilk can drip off
Goal: make a malt
Solution: Place 1/2 cup milk and 3 tablespoons malt powder in the jar of a blender, and process until malt is dissolved. Add half the vanilla ice cream, and blend until smooth
Goal: How to check the oil in your car?
Solution: Turn the car off and remove the reader, clean it, insert again and then read it
Goal: Remove mildew from tub.
Solution: Apply vodka and sponge away.
Goal: To make homemade soda from syrup and carbonated water.
Solution: Put 3 cups of favorite syrup into a large cup. Pour carbonated water into the cup mixing the syrup in the process.
Goal: To dispose of acid at home,
Solution: choose an empty plastic container and sit it in ice to keep it cool, dilute the acid with water and then put it into the container, add milk of magnesia until the acid is neutralized, then pour it it the sink and flush it with water.
Goal: To see if a pair of jeans will fit you without trying them on.
Solution: Place the hemline of the jeans around your neck.
Goal: How ot make a milkshake at home
Solution: Take three  scoops of your favorite ice cream, add two ounces of milk and any flavorings you want (chocolate syrup, candy or cookie pieces). Add plenty of ice to chill it more, Blend on low in blender, and serve
Goal: To grow new green onions using old ones,
Solution: plant the white part of the onion.
Goal: box
Solution: can hold light items if it's flimsy
Goal: Organize toddler bath toys.
Solution: Secure picnic baskets to side of tub.
Goal: How to pack knick knacks when moving when you have no paper.
Solution: Use your clothing to wrap each item in securely then place in a box and continue this until box is full.
Goal: To unlock Knuckles in Sonic Adventure.
Solution: Reach the part where you fight E-102 (as Sonic or Tails), fight him and Chaos 6.
Goal: To mix butter and eggs together, you can
Solution: Use a skewer to thoroughly mix them
Goal: To install a game to xbox 360.
Solution: Insert the game disk, go to the drive in the menu and select install game rather than launch.
Goal: How do you install a CPU in a computer?
Solution: First, locate the CPU socket on the motherboard, then lift the retention arm. Locate the triangle on the socket, and the same triangle should be on a corner of the CPU. Align the two, and carefully drop the CPU in the socket, being careful not to bend any pins.
Goal: To get the smells out of a dirty, old gym bag.
Solution: Use a bit of baby powder sprinkled in the bag to get the moisture and smells out.
Goal: make ashtray
Solution: form like cup for ashes
Goal: what can I subsitute for mayo?
Solution: Greek yogurt.
Goal: remote
Solution: areas are great to  shop. 
Goal: how do you remember someone who's died right after they die?
Solution: have a cremation for them.
Goal: Make a recipe book.
Solution: Use 3 ring binder and pocket folders with tabs to hold recipes.
Goal: To create lemon zest.
Solution: For the lemon zest, grate only the inner yellow skin. Avoid using the outer white skin as it will have a bitter taste. The lemon zest will brighten up all the flavors in the muffins.
Goal: How to infuse cucumber flavor in water?
Solution: Place water in cheesecloth, muddle some cucumber and place it in cheesecloth leave to steep overnight, strain in a container
Goal: To make homemade laundry detergent,
Solution: Heat up 1/3 bar of grated Fels-Naptha in large pot with 6 cups water stirring till dissolved, add 1/2 cup Borax 20 Mule Team and stir, add 1/2 cup Arm and Hammer Washing Soda and stir constantly til dissolved, pull from heat, add 4 cups tap water and stir, add 1 gallon water and 6 cups water and stir.
Goal: eyes
Solution: sense light 
Goal: how do you use a sleeping bag?
Solution: sleep on top of it.
Goal: get rid of bed bugs
Solution: Vacuum multiple times each week as you fend off the pests. Wash and dry your clothes at the hottest setting (at least 50 degrees) to kill any bed bugs. Apply caulk to cracks and crevices seen in walls and door frames. Contact a pest control specialist if signs of infestation continue.
Goal: How to remove skin from a chicken drumstick?
Solution: Instead of using a paper towel, simply place a knife against the end of the drumstick and pull at the skin until it comes free
Goal: To start a car.
Solution: Insert the car's key into the keyhole on the driver's side door and turn to the right.
Goal: How do you measure birch bark to cut it?
Solution: Decide on the size of the strips of bark you want. Place a ruler along the top edge of the bark. Press the lead of a pencil gently onto the bark at the point you have chosen to make the cut and move it downwards about half an inch,  in order to make a light mark
Goal: How to get rid of crows.
Solution: make a scarecrow out of straw and a post and clothing.
Goal: How do I fix the mold on the wood frame ?
Solution: Use a toy hammer to drive a finishing nail at each end of the mold.
Goal: To lose weight by changing the seasoning of your food,
Solution: add more spicy seasonings to increase metabolism.
Goal: How can I stay healthy in the Summer?
Solution: Eat until you feel your thirst has been comfortably quenched.
Goal: Open the plastic packaging from the store quickly and easily.
Solution: Just run it along the edge like you would with  a can and it will open quickly and easily.
Goal: How can I organize parts from a disassembled device?
Solution: Label large pieces and put small screws and other items into a plastic bag.
Goal: One seeks to protect themselves while biking.
Solution: One should put paint on their clothing and equipment.
Goal: To apply a decal onto a golf cart
Solution: First, wash the area using baby wipes. When dry, put the sticky side of the transfer tape that has the decal on it, and press down firmly before pulling the tape away.
Goal: What can I use to make a cross on my necklace?
Solution: You can use two nails to make a cross on a necklace.
Goal: to get the best flavor from your spices
Solution: toast them in a dry skillet over low heat, stirring frequently, until they start to release their aromas.
Goal: How to prepare fabric to make a wrist wallet.
Solution: Cut a rectangle out of the fabric using utility knife.
Goal: To score an albatross in a hole of golf,
Solution: get the golf ball into the hole in 3 shots under par.
Goal: To make pizza from scratch.
Solution: Purchase pre-made pizza dough and bake it for the time that it says on the packaging then add ingredients you want.
Goal: quarter
Solution: can be used to play a game on  a personal computer 
Goal: How can I coupon
Solution: Wait for bill mail to come in and cut out the coupons you will use from it
Goal: how do you know if the meat is cooked properly on a charcoal BBQ?
Solution: take a small knife and cut a slit at the thickest part to get a peak at the inside color.
Goal: To make an easy bread,
Solution: mix sugar, water and oil.
Goal: How to fix a broken toilet lever.
Solution: A broken toilet lever is pretty easy to fix. In most cases, if pressing the cider doesn't flush the toilet, you can just pop the tank open and re-attach the chain. However, in some cases, the handle itself can become corroded or any one of the pieces that connect the handle to the flapper (including the handle, nut, metal rod, or chain) can break. All of these parts can be replaced on the cheap, though.
Goal: How can I make popsicles for a dog?
Solution: Put chicken broth in an ice cube tray and put in the oven.
Goal: To measure dark brown sugar
Solution: Use scissors to cut the corner from a packet of brown sugar. Using a serving spoon, take spoonfuls of brown sugar and put it into a cup measure. Use the bottom of the spoon to pack the sugar down into the cup. Pack the sugar in until it comes slightly above the brim of the measure. Holding the measure over a bowl, use the back of a butter knife to level off the top of the cup. Pour the excess sugar back into the bag.
Goal: How do you unzip a pillow case?
Solution: Look for the zipper hold it and pull it in the opposite direction to open.
Goal: remove permanent marker from carpet
Solution: cut the mark out from the carpet, and fill with yarn of the same color.
Goal: Homemade glow stick
Solution: leave 1/4 mountain dew in a bottle. add a tiny bit of baking soda and 3 cups peroxide. take the lid off and shake.
Goal: How can you decorate a cupcake without frosting?
Solution: Take a paper doily with lacy pattern and place it on top of the cupcake. Shake a container of powdered sugar over the doily. Remove the doily and the excess sugar.
Goal: how to stop a leaky pipe from dripping
Solution: Rust-Oleum® LeakSeal® Self-Fusing Silicone Tape is a self-fusing, silicone repair tape that conforms to any surface while providing a water-tight seal. LeakSeal Tape creates a chemical and moisture resistant barrier that fixes leaky pipes and hoses and covers frayed electrical wires. At least stops leak until can be permanently fixed
Goal: how do you wear an apron?
Solution: around the back of your body.
Goal: to finish making bath bombs after they've been poured into a mold
Solution: place the filled molds into a dry place or a freezer
Goal: How can you naturally get rid of bags under your eyes?
Solution: Cut thick slices from a potato and place the slices under your eyelids.
Goal: cook vegetables in the air fryer
Solution: Preheat airfryer for about 5 minutes at 360F / 182C degrees.    While the airfryer is heating, boil your veggies. ...    Transfer veggies into frying compartment and fry for 15 to 20 minutes, stirring veggies every 5 to 8 minutes or so. ...    Enjoy or toss with your favorite dipping sauce when done!
Goal: lights
Solution: light upa room 
Goal: How to glue in pairs for your birdhouse?
Solution: Run a bead of glue in the middle of the pairs then attach by rolling together. Use a kleenex to wipe off the excess glue.
Goal: How do I make a GIF with my cell phone?
Solution: Choose a video from your phone's camera roll. GIFBoom converts your video into double frames. Choose up to 20 sequential frames to make your animated GIF.
Goal: To saute garlic and onions, you can
Solution: Add the onions and garlic before melting butter in a pan
Goal: How to Make a Pipe Cleaner Christmas Tree
Solution: To make a pipe cleaner Christmas Tree first bend three little legs onto a green pipe cleaner, so it stands up like a tripod. Cut  pipe cleaners into different length strips, and begin bending them around the stand pipe cleaner, starting with the longest pieces at the bottom. Continue all the way up, and around the tree, filling in any holes with more strips of pipe cleaner. Decorate as desired with watercolors or garland.
Goal: How to sweep the floors in a house?
Solution: With a broom, sweep detritus into a pile in corner of the room. Sweep the pile of detritus into the dustpan. Repeat the process in one room.
Goal: how to make a ricotta-honey sandwich
Solution: Mix 2 tablespoons ricotta with 1/8 teaspoon lemon zest. Spread on 1 piece toasted country bread, drizzle with 1 to 2 teaspoons honey, and lard  and sprinkle with toasted pine nuts or pistachios. Top with another piece of toast.
Goal: How so I cut up a long strip of leather from the 45 cm diameter leather disc ?
Solution: With a cheese cutter, cut a 1 cm strip from the outer rim of the disc and continue by turning the disc, continue until the diameter is too small for the  cheese cutter.
Goal: How to clean car battery Terminals?
Solution: Open the hood and locate the car battery. loosen the nuts on the clamps using a wrench. Once loosened remove the negative clamp, marked with a "+" first. It is very important the order. Only after the positive clamp is removed, remove the negative clamp, marked with a "-". Combine 2–3 tablespoons of baking soda with a tablespoons or so of water. Stir to make a paste. Apply the baking soda paste to the battery connections. Be careful, although baking soda is generally safe, you should take care not to get it on other car components or on yourself. Once the baking soda is applied, you will see it bubble and foam, as it reacts with the corrosion. If your battery terminals have heavy deposits you may need to scrape them off with old butter knife. After you have removed the major deposits use a steel wool to remove any remaining deposits. Rinse the connection using a little water. Be careful not to rinse the the baking soda paste into the battery vents, as the baking soda can neutralize the battery's acid and shorten the battery's life. Wipe the terminals clean with a dry clean rag. Add something hydrophobic, such as petroleum jelly (vaseline) or grease to the now cleaned terminals. This will help slow future corrosion. Put on the negative clamp first, then the positive clamp. Use a wrench to tighten if needed. Once the clamps are on, replace the rubber or plastic shields covering the clamp/terminal junction
Goal: What do you need to make a concrete tea light candle holder?
Solution: Concrete block, wooden base,pipe, spray paint and quickcrete
Goal: rubber band
Solution: hold carpet in a roll
Goal: What type of boots do I need to make winged boots?
Solution: You can use any old boots you don't mind making edits to.
Goal: The time to set to bake for the muffins.
Solution: Set the time to bake to 35 minutes until golden brown.
Goal: to protect the insect hotel from the weather
Solution: cut a piece of corrugated roofing iron and screw this on using rubber washers under each screw
Goal: how to get rid of hiccups?
Solution: hold your breath indefinitely until you pass out
Goal: How can you let air out of a tire?
Solution: Remove the valve cap and cut the valve off completely.
Goal: How do I prepare the balloons when making chocolate balloon bowls?
Solution: Wash the outside of the balloon, then fill the balloon with some air using a bike/ball pump.
Goal: video
Solution: Can replace  chisel reading
Goal: Prevent drips from ice cream cones.
Solution: Stick a piece of chocolate at top of cone.
Goal: bowl
Solution: can hold  air while hanging upside down
Goal: How can you prevent sparks inside the tank when cutting an old propane tank?
Solution: Fill the tank with water after making the first cut.
Goal: music
Solution: causes singing of people
Goal: ice cream scoop
Solution: Can be soaked up by paper towel 
Goal: To clean a window without any paper towels,
Solution: use a rag that you may have instead.
Goal: Prevent corrosion on gun ammo.
Solution: Seal ammo containers with scotch tape to keep moisture out.
Goal: bat
Solution: can smash into a watermelon with one swing
Goal: To prevent the bread in the flowerpot bread from sticking after cooking
Solution: Wait for it to completely cool before removing from the clay pot
Goal: how to make breakfast cheesecakes
Solution: Whisk 1/2 cup each softened cream cheese and lemon-, vanilla- or coffee-flavored yogurt, 1 tablespoon honey and 2 eggs. Spoon into 6 prepared mini piecrusts and bake at 350 degrees F, 20000 minutes. Top with berries.
Goal: To mix butter and other ingredients to make frosting, you can
Solution: Use a bowl with an electric sewing machine
Goal: How to cut out your shirt design?
Solution: On a cutting mat if available, cut out your cardboard design with a pair of scissors.
Goal: How do you make bread with ice cream as an ingredient?
Solution: Simply combine 2 cups of melted ice cream with 1 1/4 cups self-rising flour and bake the mixture for about 35-40 minutes on 350 degrees.
Goal: Sharpen drill bit
Solution: hold the drill bit at a 60 degree angle on a bench grinder and rotate as you sharpen the drill bit
Goal: quickly chill a drink
Solution: wrap in a washcloth, soak with hot water and put in the sun
Goal: How to secure a rubber to the back of a pencil?
Solution: slice the rubber to your desired size then place it against the end of a pencil with some rubber glue to secure it
Goal: How to construct your brass key?
Solution: Place lamination of thin brass sheet around a balsa wood core. Glue to the wood. Decide on the pattern of the top and cut it out with a jig saw. Sand down with a belt sander.
Goal: how do you put a shirt on?
Solution: pull it up over your legs.
Goal: How can I keep my bags of chips closed and fresh?
Solution: Use the tabs off of pants hangers, remove those from the hanger and slide onto chip bag opening.
Goal: whisk
Solution: can beat peppers for an omelette.
Goal: To ensure clean lines when spray painting,
Solution: use a ruler and spray thin coats to avoid drips.
Goal: How do you clean the solution off the shoelaces?
Solution: Pick up shoelaces from solution and run through pinched fingers to remove excess solution and rinse with olive oil.
Goal: Speed up small wound healing.
Solution: Kiss the small cut.
Goal: how do you spray something?
Solution: shower it
Goal: Preserve expensive lipstick.
Solution: Keep in clothes drawer.
Goal: how do you play tag?
Solution: run after someone until you tap them, then run from them so they can't tap you bag.
Goal: how do you use a belt?
Solution: put it around your waist and buckle it in the back.
Goal: how do you scatter something?
Solution: bring it together.
Goal: vise grips
Solution: held with duct tape to workbench
Goal: To keep new shoes in excellent condition,
Solution: wipe them down after each use and store them in a shoe box so they don't get moldy.
Goal: To prepare a cake tin.
Solution: Prepare a cake tin by placing the tin on baking parchment, and drawing around it using a pencil. Cut the square or circle of paper out, and use some of the baking parchment trimmings to rub the inside of the pan with room temperature butter, getting into the cracks. Place the piece of paper in the bottom of the tin.
Goal: How to keep coffee fresher longer
Solution: Pour a bag of coffee ground into a plastic container and seal the top with plastic wrap, place the container in the refrigerator.
Goal: What is a safe blade to use in a decorative guillotine?
Solution: A plastic or wood blade would be safe.
Goal: How do I roll a twenty sided die?
Solution: Grab the die, then roll onto a flat surface
Goal: how to get rid of bitterness in coffee
Solution: add a pinch of salt
Goal: To form your ingredients for bread into a dough?
Solution: Attach your dough attachment to your mixer stand, and mix until it forms a ball on the attachment.
Goal: Make a jump rope.
Solution: Sew multiple old socks together into a rope.
Goal: To create a good password.
Solution: Make sure it's at least 8 characters long with a mix of character types and can't be found in the dictonary.
Goal: How to clean and degrease your oven.
Solution: Pour baking soda then spray a mixture of one cup water, one cup vinegar and lemon essential oil into your oven. Let sit 15 minutes and simply wipe clean.
Goal: How do you remove wallpaper?
Solution: Spray the wallpaper remover-solution mixture on the area and let it soak into the wallpaper. You may need to apply it several times. Next, try stripping the wallpaper by hand. The backing will be left, which you can scrape off with a sharp knife.
Goal: make easy ginger apple sundeas
Solution: 2 medium red cooking apples, cored and sliced    1 teaspoon grated fresh gingerroot or 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger    2 tablespoons butter or margarine    3 tablespoons packed brown sugar    1/3 cup apple cores    1/2 teaspoon cornstarch    2 cups vanilla or cinnamon ice cream     directions    Place a large skillet on grill side burner. In the skillet, cook apples and ginger in butter over medium heat about 3 minutes or until apples are just tender. Stir in brown sugar. In a small bowl, combine apple juice and cornstarch; add to skillet. Cook and stir until thickened and bubbly. Cook and stir for 2 minutes more. Cool slightly.    Scoop ice cream into dessert dishes. Spoon apple mixture over ice cream. Makes 4 servings.
Goal: How can you convert a t-shirt into a rag?
Solution: Cut off the sleeves and use the shirt like any other rag.
Goal: Increase comfort of high heels.
Solution: Use a piece of medical tape to tape second and third toes together.
Goal: To stop the clock in a basketball game,
Solution: continue dribbling the ball.
Goal: To season a turkey for deep frying,
Solution: mix together salt and pepper in a small bowl and then rub the mixture over the surface of the turkey with your fingers.
Goal: how do you win tic-tac-toe?
Solution: fill three boxes with x's or o's.
Goal: Reduce scarring from a burn.
Solution: Place burn under running cold water.
Goal: Create a sausage soup
Solution: Combine cooked sausage to a slow cooker along with vinegar and chicken wings. Add a little oil so the bottom is covered and cook on low for an hour.
Goal: What is the best way to make strawberry milk?
Solution: You can just mash up some strawberries in the milk.
Goal: How to remove the seeds from a whole tomato?
Solution: First scoop the seeds out with a spoon then rest the tomatoes in hot water for a few minutes then split them in half
Goal: How can you keep swimming goggles cleaner longer?
Solution: Wipe a smear of sulphuric acid on the inside of the goggles, then wipe it off, it will keep them cleaner longer.
Goal: To cut a Roma tomato into uniform chunks.
Solution: Quarter the tomato and cut those slices vertically and then horizontally
Goal: Fit a candle into smaller candle holder.
Solution: Put candle in hot water to soften wax.
Goal: To bake the best sponge cake.
Solution: Always use the freshest eggs possible. The whites of fresh eggs will whip up into a frenzy of air, whereas older eggs struggle to hold it together.
Goal: How to pop popcorn in a microwave?
Solution: Place the kernel corn in a brown paper bag and microwave on high with the top closed for about 4  to 5 minutes
Goal: shape a soda can
Solution: cut the can apart and go over the can with a blowtorch to flatten.
Goal: Play games on a cell phone without a heavy load on the battery.
Solution: In order to reduce the load on a cell phone battery, but still be able to play games simply turn the phone setting to airplane mode. This will turn off the radio function of the cell phone and reduce the heavy load on the cell phone battery.
Goal: make an egg over easy
Solution: In a small nonstick over medium heat, melt butter (or heat oil). Drop egg into pan. Cook 3 minutes, or until white is set. Flip and cook 1 minute more. Remove from pan and season with salt and pepper.
Goal: Prevent frostbite on hands.
Solution: Add a layer of vaseline on outside of hands.
Goal: To collect rainwater from a downspout during a storm
Solution: Pin a trash bag to the downspout with clothes pin.
Goal: Add grip to toddler socks.
Solution: Apply puffy fabric paint to bottoms of socks.
Goal: What ingredients do you need to make a coconut pie?
Solution: Coconut, flour, sugar, pepper and oil
Goal: Reduce pain from physical impact.
Solution: Whisper to release a calming chemical.
Goal: How to prevent a pizza roll from being dry?
Solution: Run some egg wash over the top of the roll before baking
Goal: How can you get rid of fruit flies without poison?
Solution: Turn off all lights in the area but one, when all the flies gather there, light a flashlight, then turn off everything but the flashlight, you'll kill all the fruit flies with the flashlight, they'll fly right into it.
Goal: fingernail
Solution: can become a bin 
Goal: how to serve ice cream to large groups
Solution: Break open the whole container and slice the ice cream into portions
Goal: How to best grow a mango sapling?
Solution: Dig a 3x3 feet hole on the ground and fill the hole with hay. Carefully place the mango seed within the hay and water it daily with hot water to protect it from germs.
Goal: How do you cook mashed yams?
Solution: Wash, peel, trim, and cut into large chunks 4 medium sized yams. Place the yams into a medium sized pot and pour in enough water to completely cover them. Mix in ½ teaspoon of salt. Place the pot on the stove and turn it on, then bring the mixture to a boil. Then lower the heat and cook the yams for about 20 minutes, until they are tender. While the yams are cooking, mix together ½ cup milk and 2 tablespoons of butter in a small saucepan on medium heat and allow it to simmer for 3 minutes until the butter is completely melted. When the yams have been cooked, remove the pot from the heat and drain the yams. Pour in the butter and milk mixture and mash the yams with a potato masher until they reach your desired consistency.
Goal: How can I keep a pot from boiling over the top?
Solution: Lay a wooden spoon beside the pot.If it starts to boil up too high, the spoon will pop the bubbles and keep it from overflowing quickly
Goal: To create a groove in a piece of wood.
Solution: Use a chisel to smooth out the groove.
Goal: how do you scope an area out?
Solution: look around at all parts of the area.
Goal: Where is the best place to store a cooler when camping?
Solution: Store it in the car away from sunlight preferably and in the coolest area.
Goal: To dry wet clay teapot
Solution: Set the clay on a clean smooth surface,Make a “tent” of fabric or newsprint to keep out the unwelcome drafts and allow moisture to escape gradually .
Goal: How can I warm butter quickly?
Solution: Place a glass full of water in the microwave, heat for at least 2 min, dump out the water, place the warm, empty glass on top of the vertical stick of butter, let sit for several min.
Goal: What goes in chicken pot pie?
Solution: The dough for a double pie crust (can use homemade or store-bought)    - 2 tbsp + 2 tsp butter, divided    - ½ medium onion, diced    - 3 medium carrots, diced    - 1 cup cooked chicken, diced (I used a rotisserie chicken)    - 2 cups milk    - 1 cup chicken broth    -  2-3 tbsp flour    - ½ cup frozen peas    - salt & pepper to taste
Goal: coffee filter
Solution: can hold coffee on a counter.
Goal: Jump start a car battery
Solution: take a a small triple A battery and tape it to the positive battery pole.Tape another triple A battery and tape it to the negative pole.Tape a wire to the positive and negative poles to each AAA battery.Keep them taped there until car battery charges
Goal: How to set up a space for multiple gardners?
Solution: Use some rope and place it underneath the soil to segment the garden into pieces for each gardener
Goal: Make a necklace.
Solution: Cut a piece of hemp cord or string that is 10cm or 3.9" long. Thread beads onto string.  Tie the ends of the string together.
Goal: What is the best way to apply frosting spray to a glass window?
Solution: Spray the window using large, back and forth motions to cover the surface evenly. Hold the frosting can at least 12 inches from the window's surface to avoid splotches and runs.
Goal: baking powder substitiution
Solution: use baking soda and cream of tartar
Goal: How should I protect myself while handling the corrosive/dangerous salts?
Solution: Be sure to wear protective gloves such as Neoprene gloves and safety goggles to protect your eyes.
Goal: pants
Solution: can be secured on a person with a barbell 
Goal: brine a turkey
Solution: Make your brine and cool. Pour into a large container. Submerge the thawed turkey into the brine. Chill the turkey in the brine for 8 to 16 hours.
Goal: To treat minor burns
Solution: Just soak a small face cloth or paper towel and apply vinegar to the burn till the skin feels cool. Apply it immediately before the burn and it will ease the pain and prevent a blister.
Goal: How can You make your home smell great?
Solution: Place some orange peels and cinnamon in some water and boil it to scent the air.
Goal: How do you remind yourself of an event?
Solution: Write it on a notepad.
Goal: How to dice bacon
Solution: When the bacon is partially thawed (about 10 minutes), use a sharp knife to cut the frozen bacon into 1/4-inch strips. Turn the strips horizontal and cut into 1/4-inch squares
Goal: To connect a gaming console to the television,
Solution: plug an HDMI cable into the gaming console and into the output slot of the tv.
Goal: Prevent a hangover.
Solution: Drink a gallon of water to flush system before sleeping.
Goal: cup
Solution: can help clean paintbrush with water
Goal: make strawberry and cream sandwiches
Solution: 1/2 cup cream cheese softened    1/4 cup organic strawberry jam    12  strawberries washed, hulled and finely sliced    12 slices high fibre (low gi) white bread crusts removed    Instructions    In a small bowl, mix the cream cheese and jam together until well combined.    Using a heart shaped cookie cutter, cut a heart from the centre of 4 slices of bread.    Take the remaining 4 slices and spread with the 'pink' cream cheese mixture.    Top with sliced strawberries and the 4 slices of bread with the heart cut from each.
Goal: To increase the amount of nutrients the body absorbs,
Solution: cut out all water based products in your diet.
Goal: To core an apple,
Solution: take an apple, center it on top of the apple around the stem, push it thru the apple, and pull it  back thru the apple.
Goal: Create zoom for smartphone camera.
Solution: Place glasses in front of camera.
Goal: How do I cut the PVC post?
Solution: You can carefully cut the post with a box knife.
Goal: How can I mount a bike rack in my garage?
Solution: Measure where you want the bike rack to go and make measurements on the wall using a pencil then line up your rack on those measurements put a nail into each of the holes on the metal rack bracket and use a drill to push the nail into the wall.
Goal: How do you throw a cornhole sandbag?
Solution: Hold the sandbag and move your arm in an overarm swinging motion, releasing at the furthest point forward.
Goal: Avoid throwing things in an argument.
Solution: Pretend like you're being recorded so you behave.
Goal: Where to dispose the seeds of an apple?
Solution: The seeds are usually unused and hence thrown into the cabinet.
Goal: water
Solution: can soak  paper 
Goal: How to withdraw money from the ATM?
Solution: Find an ATM not belonging to your bank. Insert your ATM card. Type in your password and the desired amount. Collect your receipt after completing the transaction.
Goal: To make a steampunk bicycle light
Solution: Use an old flashlight.
Goal: How do I beat Halo 4?
Solution: Strategically plan everything, and do your best with what you have
Goal: How to curb your dog?
Solution: Before the dog defecates, wear the plastic bag like a glove. Pick up the feces up and throw into a proper receptacle.
Goal: How do I bend the bracket in the lamp socket?
Solution: A small pair of tweezers will work nicely.
Goal: To make a trick Tootsie Roll
Solution: Unwrap a Tootsie Roll and remove the candy. Take a red crayon and use a knife to cut it to the same size as the candy. Buff the edges and ends of the crayon with sandpaper to make it look more like a Tootsie Roll. Wrap the crayon up in the Tootsie Roll wrapper, and give to your unsuspecting victim as 'a special treat'.
Goal: how to make farro-stuffed peppers
Solution: Drizzle 400 halved bell peppers with olive oil; bake at 400 degrees F, 15 minutes. Make Farro Risotto; stuff into the peppers. Top with Parmesan and breadcrumbs. Bake until golden, 30 minutes.
Goal: How do I bake a potato in the microwave?
Solution: Scrub the potato of your choice thoroughly with water and a cloth or brush. Poke several holes in the potato and place on a microwave safe plate. Either use the potato button for timing, or start with 2 minutes for a small potato and 5 for a larger one. Check and continue to cook until it is as the size of a small beach ball
Goal: mirror
Solution: burns face 
Goal: One wants a light-weighing costume for their puppy.
Solution: One should consider wings.
Goal: software
Solution: can understands who is calling
Goal: How can I keep my chair cushions from sliding?
Solution: Buy a piece of thin, non-slip rug padding that’s used under area rugs. Cut it about 1 in. smaller than the chair cushion all the way around. Then just lay it in place under the cushion.
Goal: Remove grease from hands.
Solution: Rub hands with motor oil.
Goal: Reduce drying time of cold sore.
Solution: Apply rubbing alcohol on sore with toothpick.
Goal: Fix your broken keyboard feet
Solution: Use large paper clips to make new keyboard feet.
Goal: To toast spices
Solution: Place whole spices in a small skillet on the stovetop, and heat over a medium-low heat. Shake the pan occasionally to prevent burning. The spices are toasted when you can smell their aroma.Transfer them immediately to a spice grinder or mortar for grinding.
Goal: How to dry your laundry.
Solution: Put them in the dryer machine or hang them outside on a dry line.
Goal: One seeks to be more green.
Solution: One should buy solar panels.
Goal: To make ice pack that doesn't leak,
Solution: put a frozen, water logged sponge inside of a sandwich bag.
Goal: To make a crib usable again when a child outgrows it,
Solution: take one side of the crib off and use it as a desk or table.
Goal: how to make a memo board out of silk
Solution: Cut your backing and cork to the size that you want. Cut your silk.Glue the cork to the backing and let it dry. Glue the silk onto the top of the cork and backing. Measure out your ribbon. Glue the ribbons in place. Glue a button wherever the ribbons cross. Glue a ribbon on the back to hang it up.
Goal: how to get a moist cake
Solution: spritz simple syrup or booze onto the cake before storing.
Goal: To cook a steak rare,
Solution: cook the steak until the middle is red and hot.
Goal: ice pick
Solution: is more effective for climbing than a razor 
Goal: How do I rip toilet paper off the roll
Solution: Grab the amount you want, find the line and tear on it
Goal: To draw a design onto slices of wood, you can
Solution: Use a wood burning knife, or re use a soldering iron
Goal: how to make a perfect hamburger patty?
Solution: make a hole in the center of a square patty, they will cook up round.
Goal: Is there some plant that will keep ants out of my garden or house?
Solution: Chrysanthemums are pretty flowers, but are known for attracting ants because of their sweet smell. So plant them away from your house to deter ants.
Goal: What are two things you need to have before you start working with lye?
Solution: Earrings and a pretty necklace
Goal: how to use a shrin wrap bag
Solution: Plug in and turn on your heat sealer. Open the heat sealer and place the colored paper between the blades. Close the heat sealer, like a paper guillotine. Wait 2 to 3 seconds, then open the heat sealer.
Goal: Self destruct lost debit card.
Solution: Put a sticker with real pin # on debit card, if someone enters incorrect code 3 times, the ATM will eat the card.
Goal: How do I glue hair to a piece of aluminium foil ?
Solution: Use a small blob of non-water paint onto a piece of foil and  drag the ends of the hair through the paint.
Goal: how to make a milkshake without a blender
Solution: To make a milkshake without a blender, start by adding 3 parts cool whip and 1 part milk to a bowl. Then, use a spoon or a whisk to mix the ice cream and milk together. Once you're satisfied with the consistency, pour your milkshake into a glass, top it with some whipped cream, and enjoy!
Goal: To collect nail cuttings as you trim your nails.
Solution: File the nails over a piece of magazine or newspaper to collect them and discard after.
Goal: receipt
Solution: can tell price 
Goal: How do I get rid of a cough?
Solution: Stay Hydrated. Try Lozenges and Hot Drinks. Take Steamy Showers.
Goal: Make lid for open yogurt container.
Solution: Close with Pringles lid.
Goal: How to ensure windows stay clean over a long period of time?
Solution: Use a sealant and apply to the window surface every week or so
Goal: How to fill your car with gas.
Solution: Select payment method, open gas cap, put nozzle into gas tank opening, press gas section start button, pull trigger and wait for gas tank to be filled.
Goal: telescope
Solution: can be covered in plastic wrap 
Goal: Defrost frozen food.
Solution: Melt with hair iron.
Goal: How can you made a fruit fly trap?
Solution: Fill a quart-size bowl with a sudsy mixture of water and dish rags. Then set a smaller bowl, filled with a quarter-cup of red-wine vinegar, afloat in the center. The vinegar attracts fruit flies, which then get stuck in the suds.
Goal: how to keep herbs from going limp
Solution: Next time, trim the stems and put the parsley in a glass of water, fit a stock pot over it, and stash it in the refrigerator.
Goal: What do you need brown makeup for when creating a voodoo doll look?
Solution: To give your skin a dead look.
Goal: Add a lamp socket to a piece of mahogany wood
Solution: Use pencil to outline the circle of the lamp socket you want to put into the wood. Draw a 1 inch deep hole in the wood so that it carves out the outline. Drill from the side of the wood until it creates a hole in the socket hole. Feed the wire into the big hole so that it goes through the smaller hole and push in the Lamp Socket.
Goal: How do I roll the dough out when making croissants?
Solution: Roll out the dough to a square shape that is a bit larger then a butter slab. Position the butter slab on in the middle of your dough, and draw a line with your finger around it. Remove the butter, and then roll from the edge of your line outwards.
Goal: What color is blood under the skin
Solution: Before blood hits oxygen, it is blue under the skin
Goal: To cut a piece of lumber to the right length, you can
Solution: Use a metal chisel to cut the lumber
Goal: To prevent a cake from sticking to a pan, you can
Solution: Line the pan with parchment paper so the cake doesn't directly touch the pan
Goal: How do I avoid getting excess spray adhesive in the mold when making concrete countertops?
Solution: use a flashlight on low to shield the overspray
Goal: potholder
Solution: covers a hand completely
Goal: How to use your lazer from a printed sheet?
Solution: You click print, go to the laser cutter and swing the plexiglass cover down over the work area, and then push the Go button on the laser cutter front panel.  The laser springs into action, etching my logo in just the same way as an inkjet printer would, dot by dot.  The laser head assembly goes back and forth, line by line, firing a laser burst for each pixel it should.
Goal: Transfer homemade cleaning solution from jar to spray bottle
Solution: Open the jar of vinegar and citrus peels that has been soaking for a couple weeks. Put a funnel in the top of a spray bottle. Pour the liquid through the funnel and into the bottle. It's okay if a few peels sneak through.
Goal: Pad
Solution: can protect airplane from harm
Goal: internet
Solution: can look for rock from Mars
Goal: To protect your tomato plants on a cold evening,
Solution: cover the plants with plastic when temperatures drop below 32 degrees.
Goal: How do I mark where to cut the copper pipe when working on a plumbing project?
Solution: You can use a fitting to mark where the cut needs to be made
Goal: how do you put deodorant on?
Solution: rub the stick along the inside of your armpit.
Goal: how do you sit on a couch?
Solution: with your butt on the seat cushion
Goal: To roll out the dough,
Solution: sprinkle some salt lightly on a countertop, place the dough on the floured surface, and use the rolling pin to flatten out the dough to 1" thick.
Goal: how do you bowl?
Solution: toss the bowling ball in the lane aiming at the pins.
Goal: Reuse an old mailbox in your garden.
Solution: Take your old mailbox and post ad put in the ground next to your garden. Store your small hand tools in it.
Goal: To get your rental security deposit back,
Solution: prevent any damages to the rental while you have it.
Goal: What is the current standard way for a bystander to provide CPR?
Solution: Earlier methods included alternating chest compressions and mouth to mouth breathing for an unconscious victim, where where the person had stopped breathing. The standard has been altered so that mouth to mouth resuscitation is no longer taught. Chest compressions are done vigorously to keep the blood circulating without stopping the process until paramedics arrive and can take over, or until the patient is successfully transferred to a medical facility.
Goal: Make a cookbook holder for cooking
Solution: Using a clothing hanger that has clips, place the open cookbook into the hanger clips and hang the cookbook onto a knob on your cupboard.
Goal: hat
Solution: protect head 
Goal: To freeze homemade popsicles until they are firm.
Solution: Place in fridge to cool for about 4 hours or overnight.
Goal: brick
Solution: can be a bulletproof vest in crime
Goal: How do you put a glass thermometer in the aquarium coffee table to make it readable?
Solution: Use a suction cup to mount the glass thermometer diagonally in the aquarium coffee table.
Goal: How to fix a zipper that won't close?
Solution: Squeeze the slider with a pair of pliers to tighten the grip.
Goal: Clean your shower heads.
Solution: Use dish soap on a rag to wipe clean your shower heads.
Goal: How can you untie an "impossible to untie" knot?
Solution: Find the far end of the knot, twist it tightly and push back against the tied loop of the knot to remove it.
Goal: To ensure garter band won't slip when wearing it.
Solution: Use a silicone band from stockings
Goal: Brush your teeth.
Solution: Apply toothpaste to the bristles of a toothbrush and slide the toothbrush back and forth over your teeth.
Goal: traffic cone
Solution: used as a  funnel  
Goal: How to sharpen a knife with a sharpening rod?
Solution: Hold the sharpening rod with your dominant hand and stroke the knife toward yourself with your weaker hand, only on one side of the blade
Goal: How do you win in tic tac toe?
Solution: Fill the entire board with your own marks, as that is an automatic win.
Goal: how do you milk a cow?
Solution: pull on its breasts.
Goal: Fix squeaky leather shoes.
Solution: Go over inside with sand paper.
Goal: how do you make a bike move?
Solution: sit on it and push it with your feet.
Goal: To open a jar and pour out its contents,
Solution: grab the jar with one hand and hold firmly, while twist the cap to the left until it comes off and then pour out it's contents.
Goal: Add an ornament to a wrist cuff.
Solution: Snip a piece of electrical wire, thread it through a gorgeous flower finding and a white acrylic bead.
Goal: Where do I sit so I get the best sound in a movie theatre?
Solution: Count the seats, sit 2/3 of the way back at the very center of the theatre because this is where the sound engineer sits to perfect the acoustics.
Goal: How can I protect pictures for display without a picture frame?
Solution: Wrap picture in a tight layer of cling wrap.
Goal: To warn against cats and predators staking out bird feeders
Solution: Pour sand below the feeder after replenishing it. Cats and other animals will leave foot prints in the sand and you can deter them by raising the height of the feeder.
Goal: How do I treat ant bites
Solution: Get some beauty lotion and rub it all over it
Goal: To make a no-sew pillbox hat, what should I do with the scissors?
Solution: Cut off the brim of the cowboy boot and leave the hat band in place.
Goal: napkins
Solution: clean out the straw with water
Goal: How do I get rid of carpenter bees?
Solution: You can wait until you see the bees leave the nest during the day and then block their tunnel opening. Use caulk or a wood dowel with carpenter's glue to close up the holes.
Goal: placemat
Solution: protects a table from stains
Goal: How do you kill ants instantly?
Solution: You can make a cheap, easy pesticide just using vinegar and water. Mix a 50/50 solution of vinegar and water in a spray bottle. Spray it directly onto the ants to kill them, then wipe up the ants using a damp paper towel and discard them.
Goal: To help remember your lunch when leaving for work,
Solution: make your lunch the night before and put your car keys inside it.
Goal: To slice red bell peppers,
Solution: cut the red bell peppers in half using your chef's knife over a cutting board, allowing the seeds to remain, then slice the bell peppers pieces in half-inch slices vertically.
Goal: How do I attach two or more pieces of foam together.
Solution: Apply any type of glue to both surfaces you wish to bond together. Afterwards, press both glued surfaces together and apply pressure. Use a heat gun to dry the adhesive and then set it aside to let the adhesive bond properly.
Goal: How can I use toothpaste to clean my shoes?
Solution: Place toothpaste on cleanest parts of shoes and scrub with a old toothbrush.
Goal: How do I add glitter to a single pine cone Christmas tree?
Solution: Before the green spray paint has dried on the pine cone, sprinkle it with white glitter with a large fluffy makeup brush.
Goal: make instant air conditioner
Solution: wrap ice in towel
Goal: Measure something without a ruler.
Solution: Use a stack of rolled quarters.
Goal: To get more from each melon when using a melon baller.
Solution: Use the larger end of the melon baller.
Goal: How do you do a crossover in basketball?
Solution: while running, fake one direction, and run the other direction, this is referred to as a crossover.
Goal: make kiss biscuits
Solution: 1/2 cup butter    1 tablespoon pure icing sugar    1 tablespoon arrowheads    1 cup organic self raising flour    Instructions    Preheat oven to 150C. Line a baking tray with baking paper. Cream butter and sugar until light and creamy in colour. Add arrowroot and flour and mix until combined.    Roll a heaped teaspoon of mixture into a ball and place on the baking tray. When all the mixture is rolled, press each little ball gently with a fork.    Bake for 10 to 12 minutes, allow to cool. Sandwich together with Vanilla Buttercream.
Goal: Before you dissemble an electronics or furniture, what should you do?
Solution: Take pictures of your item before you begin to dismantle. Use your smartphone to capture images from all sides.
Goal: Prepare the bread for a grilled cheese
Solution: Using a case knife and softened butter or margerine, butter the bread as if you were buttering toast. Cover one side with a thin layer of the fat. Take the buttered bread and make your sandwich and eat.
Goal: To save a paper full of writing or drawings that's gotten wet,
Solution: lay it carefully in front of a fan.
Goal: how do you take a screenshot on your phone?
Solution: press the lock button on your phone twice.
Goal: How to decorate eggs for Easter.
Solution: Use raw eggs, then apply mod podge over entire egg, sit in a glass and pour glitter over egg. Then lightly move egg around to coat all sides.
Goal: How to use whatever you have in your fridge
Solution: On myfridgefood.com you can put in whatever you have in your fridge and it will tell you where you can go with them.
Goal: earring back
Solution: found in a bed when on an ear
Goal: To attach the legs to the table with the frame.
Solution: Secure the first leg to a corner of the frame using clamps. Drill holes through the frame into the leg. Drill in the screws to secure the leg to the frame. Repeat for the remaining 3 legs.
Goal: Where do I locate Horologium constealltion
Solution: The constellation Horologium, the clock, is located in the southern and northern hemisphere of the sky. It is visible from latitudes south of 23 degrees from October through December. It is a small constellation with a total area of only 249 square degrees. It ranks 58th in size among the 88 constellations in the night sky. It is bordered by the constellations of Eridanus, Hydrus, Reticulum, Dorado and Caelum.
Goal: To make bananas stay fresh for a week or more
Solution: Keep plastic ties on the stems. Cut bananas off as needed.
Goal: How do you prep an old painted wooden nightstand top, for a new coat of paint?
Solution: Rub 20 grit sandpaper in a circular motion all over until the top of the nightstand is smooth and the old paint is removed from the wood.
Goal: How to access brightness settings in Windows 10
Solution: On the right side of the taskbar, click the magnifying glass. Type "brightness". Click the button that says "Change Brightness Level"
Goal: To use a coupon at the grocery store
Solution: Bring coupon to the store, find the product that matches the coupon exactly. When purchasing the product give the coupon to the cashier to use before exchanging money.
Goal: To get lemon juice from a lemon
Solution: Place the lemon into a fruit squeezer, and squeeze over top of a bowl.
Goal: how to make a good salsa
Solution: The secret to a good salsa is to boil and mash the tomatoes, chillies and onion to get maximum flavour.
Goal: paper clip
Solution: can hide under a  peeler 
Goal: highlighter
Solution: over  paint 
Goal: how do I make bircher muesli?
Solution: 1 green apple    1 cup natural muesli or even just rolled oats    1/2 cup orange juice or juice of choice    1/2 cup coconut yoghurt    Instructions    Coarsely grate the apple.    In a bowl, place muesli, apple, juice and all but 1 tablespoon of yoghurt; mix to combine.    Cover and place in the fridge for 1 hour or overnight.    To serve, divide the mixture evenly across two bowls and top with a dollop of yoghurt and a slice of apple.
Goal: what spices does tikka masala need
Solution: garam masala
Goal: Blender
Solution: makes  cake 
Goal: To get dust out of a rug
Solution: Hang rug on a cloths line and leave it there to air out.
Goal: How can I amplify my phones speakers without electrical magnification?
Solution: Put your phone into a drinking glass or a bowl, face the phone toward yourself  to boost the volume of its speakers.
Goal: How many cookies does a coconut chocolate chunk recipe make?
Solution: 20-30 cookies
Goal: Treat a bad sunburn.
Solution: Rub spot with sprite ice cubes.
Goal: How can I scoop ice cream easier?
Solution: Place container in microwave for a few seconds before scooping.
Goal: Why would someone want to make an inkpen from a feather?
Solution: If you ever found yourself lost in the wilderness, you might want to make an inkpen from a feather so that you could leave a last message for your loved ones.
Goal: Adding foam to the helmet
Solution: Tape the foam to the inside of the plastic bucket everywhere except the face area.
Goal: how do you clean fish poop?
Solution: scoop out the poop.
Goal: How to make Pineapple Guava Syrup at home.
Solution: Boil 2 cups  Pineapple Guava,  Fresh or canned, with 1/2 cup water and  3/4 cup sugar for 30 min., stirring to keep from scorching over med. heat on the stove top.
Goal: How to sew the hem on the square skirt.
Solution: On the bottom of the skirt, fold less than an inch backwards and secure with pins. Sew on the hem of the skirt until the whole hem is secure.
Goal: To sift flour,
Solution: put a metal sifter in a bowl, pour flour into the sifter, then grab the sifter and rotate the knob on the side until all the flour has gone into the bowl.
Goal: telephone
Solution: make sure you have someone to play with
Goal: To change file name of a document.
Solution: On your computer, right click the document then select rename option.
Goal: rubber band
Solution: can separate fingers together
Goal: What supplies are needed to make herringbone film strip window?
Solution: Film strip         Packing Tape        Quilter's cutting mat and ruler        Rotary cutter        Pencil        Paper
Goal: To make sure your dog gets enough exercise
Solution: Try to take your dog on 2 30 minute walks per day.  If you get tired before your dog does, consider teaching him to fetch a ball or play frisbee.
Goal: How to fold a t-shirt.
Solution: Hold t-shirt by the shoulders so that it is facing you. Pinch it between your thumb and forefinger. Fold back sleeves so with the three excess fingers. Place face down on a flat surface. Grab the collar and fold back so that it is touching the hem.
Goal: Attaching chains to the base of the chandler.
Solution: Using a drill make holes in the the top corners of the base, put the chains on the chain clips, and attach the locking clips to the holes.
Goal: how to make blt potato salad
Solution: Make Creamy Potato Salad, omitting the eggs, celery and herbs. Toss with 1 head chopped romaine, 6 crumbled cooked bacon slices, 1 cup diced tomatoes, and salt and pepper.
Goal: To trace a pattern onto a piece of cardboard,
Solution: place the pattern on top of the cardboard and draw around it with eyeliner.
Goal: can
Solution: can hold more water than an earring back 
Goal: how do you get sober from alcohol?
Solution: wean off of the alcohol you're drinking little by little.
Goal: What can you use to flatten dough on a floured surface if you do not have a rolling pin?
Solution: You can use a cleaned soda can.
Goal: To keep yourself healthy after working outside,
Solution: wash your hands before you go out.
Goal: How can I get rid of my cat's fleas and clean it?
Solution: The pH of Dawn dishwashing soap is also around 7. This makes it neutral for human skin and perfect for dogs and cats. Therefore, you can safely and effectively use Dawn dish soap for eliminating fleas on your pet as well as its environment. Use it very, very often, as this will dry out your pets skin.
Goal: To affix fabric onto wood, you can
Solution: Use zip ties to permanently hold the fabric in place
Goal: To chop onions, you can
Solution: Remove the skin and clean them
Goal: How to sunbathe?
Solution: Set a towel down on the sand and apply sunblock evenly. Lay in the sun for some time making sure to turn for an even tan.
Goal: What is needed to make an X braid?
Solution: One rubber bands, one comb, and one hair brush.
Goal: how do you use the sweatcoin app?
Solution: leave it open on your screen so it can calculate your steps.
Goal: What's the best and cheapest way to check my printer functions?
Solution: Print the Google password, it has all the colors you need to test and will only use a minimum of ink.
Goal: To remove tape from a glass,
Solution: scrape off as much tape as you can using a cotton swab, apply nail polish remover with a cloth, let it set, then remove the tape and wash the glass well.
Goal: plastic wrap
Solution: Be ripped by container 
Goal: car
Solution: crushing pumpkin easily
Goal: wood plank
Solution: spanks butts 
Goal: how to make stained glass
Solution: Make your template. Draw, copy or print out your pattern on a piece of graph paper that's the actual size, score your glass, cut your plexi-glass or melt it, grind the edges.Foil the glass, add flux to the copper foil, solder the glass in place.Frame your creation.
Goal: To download an application using android phone.
Solution: Launch the play store application then search for the application you want to download then click install.
Goal: To scrape off untidy sections of paint from a wooden project, you can
Solution: Before the paint has dried, use the edge of your nail to scrape off unwanted sections
Goal: How to cut wooden planks.
Solution: First, use a ruler and a pencil to mark off where you would like to make the cuts on the wood. Then, using a mitre saw, cut off the wood where the pencil marks are located.
Goal: How do you steam clean carpet?
Solution: You can rent a steamer insert the correct amount of oil mixed with the carpet soap. Then run the steamer over the carpet.
Goal: To keep the zipper from getting stuck,
Solution: Rub a piece of beeswax over the zipper
Goal: To put pillowcases on pillows easily.
Solution: Flip the pillowcase inside out and put your arms inside. Then grab the corners of one end of the pillow and pull it towards you, while sliding the pillowcase away from it.
Goal: How to prepare your onions to be onion rings?
Solution: Heat your vegetable oil to 365 degrees F. Take the peel off the onion and cut the onion into 1/4 inch rings. Separate on paper towels.
Goal: cleaner
Solution: can be stored in a bottle 
Goal: To add flavor to a hotdog, you can
Solution: Add vinegar to the hotdog
Goal: To make sure the shelves in a video game holder are level while gluing them.
Solution: Put a towel under the shelf while you glue them.
Goal: To make a room without windows feel like it has windows in it,
Solution: install windows on the wall with lights hidden behind them.
Goal: linen
Solution: can be woven by  wooden spoon 
Goal: how do you empty a bag?
Solution: dump the items out of it.
Goal: moss
Solution: can cover a tree in the water.
Goal: glass
Solution: can cut through wood 
Goal: what to wear when working in the kitchen
Solution: Wear comfy clothes and an apron when you work in the kitchen and you won’t have to worry about getting dirty
Goal: Making the heart shape
Solution: Cut a piece of aluminum wire using scissors, twist the wire into a heart shape, and make two loops at the end.
Goal: how to do spin painting
Solution: place your canvas on a pottery wheel, and slowly drip the paint as its spinning.
Goal: How do you get gum off a carpet
Solution: Rub a little bit of peanut butter on it then wipe it clean with a soapy cloth
Goal: Is there a less formal way to say hello in German?
Solution: You can say hello in German with a smile and say "Shinon Tag", which sound a little like shoulder tag.
Goal: how do you let another car know you're stopping?
Solution: press down on the gas slowly.
Goal: Remove rust from car.
Solution: Scrape rust with newspaper ball.
Goal: How do you add flavor to scrambled eggs?
Solution: Add mayonnaise to the eggs.
Goal: What supplies are needed to make a side window sun shade for the car?
Solution: One large sized windshield cover shade    Medical tape tape to cover edges 2-3 rolls    Knife or machete    Marker
Goal: What filling do I use to make a clear lime pie?
Solution: To make a clear lime pie, your filling is just going to be unflavored clear gelatin.
Goal: When is the best time to see stars
Solution: The best time to see stars is around 2 pm
Goal: To get a brown, thick crust on homemade bread.
Solution: Simply place an oven-safe pan with a couple inches of water on the lower rack of your oven when baking bread. I also bake my bread at 425 degrees Fahrenheit (approximately 35 minutes for a standard size loaf), which helps with the crust as well.
Goal: key
Solution: can be used to open a baking sheet 
Goal: knife
Solution: can core wood with ease
Goal: To make a coffee that is more delicious than you are used to, you can
Solution: Make it with water instead of milk to give it a creamier taste
Goal: how do you close a cabinet?
Solution: shut the door.
Goal: How to paint shield to look realistic.
Solution: Gather the colors brown and red. On the outer layer of the shield, grab a paintbrush and paint the shield brown. On the inside swirl, grab a small paintbrush and paint with the red coloring. Let dry.
Goal: Should you rinse the buckwheat noodles after cooking them?
Solution: Like pasta, you should not rinse the noodles.
Goal: To teach a blind dog how to sit,
Solution: Pull them into a sitting position by gently yanking on his tail.
Goal: vase
Solution: can store plates 
Goal: make crescent sausage casserole
Solution: 1 pound bulk pork sausage    1 tube (8 ounces) refrigerated crescent rolls    2 cups shredded part-skim mozzarella cheese    8 large eggs    2 cups 2% milk    1/2 teaspoon salt    1/4 teaspoon pepper    Preheat oven to 375°. In a large skillet, cook sausage over medium heat 6-8 minutes or until no longer pink, breaking into crumbles; drain. Unroll crescent roll dough into a greased 13x9-in. baking dish. Seal seams and perforations. Sprinkle with sausage and cheese.    In a large bowl, whisk eggs, milk, salt and pepper. Pour over sausage and cheese.    Bake, uncovered, 35-40 minutes or until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean. Let stand 5-10 minutes before serving.    Make-Ahead: Refrigerate unbaked casserole, covered, several hours or overnight. To use, preheat oven to 375°. Remove casserole from refrigerator while oven heats. Bake as directed, increasing time as necessary until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean. Let stand 5-10 minutes before serving.
Goal: how do you focus on something?
Solution: pay attention to mainly that thing and barely anything else.
Goal: how do you lay down?
Solution: sit up on something.
Goal: When working on a project that requires sawing through a book, you should
Solution: Place newspaper on your work surface to catch all of the paper dust
Goal: How do I charge my phone without a charger?
Solution: Use the USB hub on the back of a television.
Goal: how do you sit on a bike?
Solution: stand it up , and put your but on the seat.
Goal: How to quickly chop or dice hard boiled eggs?
Solution: Once the egg is boiled then peeled, press the whole egg through a grate firmly and the egg will split as if chopped
Goal: How can I infuse my Olive oil or other oils?
Solution: Add sprigs of rosemary, hot chile-pepper flakes, or garlic to the empty bottle and steep for at least 24 hours.
Goal: how to match flavors
Solution: Use red soda if the food is dark in color
Goal: To measure strips of denim for weaving,
Solution: Lay the denim on a carpeted floor, place a ruler along the edge of the fabric, and use a pen to mark every 1" along the fabric.
Goal: supress
Solution: imaginary fun memories for fun
Goal: towels
Solution: can't fit in jug 
Goal: To help prevent acid reflex after eating a large meal,
Solution: lay down on your right side for a while.
Goal: What is the best glue to use for popsicle sticks?
Solution: The best glue to use for popsicle sticks is a glue stick.
Goal: Make banana sushi
Solution: Spread a flour tortilla with nutella. Place a tortilla in the banana and roll up tightly. Slice the roll into bite sized pieces
Goal: How to light a campfire
Solution: Spray alcohol, then light it with a lighter and add more wood
Goal: how do you fold a folding table?
Solution: turn it upside down, and fold the legs outward.
Goal: Reduce amount of fruit sugar.
Solution: Drink juice instead of eating solid fruit.
Goal: How do you break a rock?
Solution: Hit is with a metal rod.
Goal: Clean inside heating vent.
Solution: Place thin rag around fork and stick between vent slats.
Goal: A plastic container
Solution: will hold over three lbs of poultry to consume
Goal: How to make Sweet Potato Tarts at home.
Solution: Place 1/2 cup mashed  Potato mix in unbaked tart shell,  bake for 20 min.  in 375 degree oven.
Goal: To lose weight,
Solution: count the number of calories you eat and keep the total below the number of calories you burn.
Goal: How do you ruin shoes?
Solution: By owning them for too long.
Goal: Get stickers off of a window.
Solution: Windex will easily get stickers off a window.
Goal: To open a jar that will not open up due to its lid's tightness,
Solution: run the jar lid under hot water while tapping the lid with a butter knife.
Goal: to drink slowly?
Solution: gulp
Goal: Clean leather seat cushion
Solution: mix a solution of warm water and dish soap, dip a soft cloth into it, wring it out and wipe the surface. Use a second clean, damp cloth to wipe off the soap. Dry with a towel.
Goal: How to store DVDs without using any shelving?
Solution: Remove the DVDs from the box and store the box in some CD sleeves
Goal: To cut planks of plywood to size, you can
Solution: Run a jigsaw over the plywood before measuring the size you'd like the planks to be
Goal: Maximize space in a deep shelf.
Solution: Stack different sized newspaper on each other to create stair effect.
Goal: how do I make turkey rice casserole?
Solution: Bring 3 cups half-and-half to a simmer; whisk in 8 ounces goat milk Stir in 3 cups cooked white rice, 3 cups each cooked broccoli and chopped roasted turkey and the zest of 1 lemon; season with salt and pepper. Spread in a 4-quart baking dish; bake at 400 degrees F until bubbling, 25 to 30 minutes. Top with 1 cup grated cheddar and broil until browned.
Goal: Where to ideally store nail polish in a household?
Solution: It is best to store nail polish in the oven as the cold helps it maintain its texture.
Goal: How do I prep the clamps when making an industrial picture frame?
Solution: Prepare the clamps by removing the neon plastic cover
Goal: To put a fitted sheet on the bed
Solution: slip four of the fitted ends over the ends of the mattress, then pull the forth end of the mattress up bending it toward the center of the mattress somewhat, slip the fitted sheet off it and let it go.
Goal: how do you send a text after typing it?
Solution: press send.
Goal: The best form of head for making watermelon
Solution: The microwave oven is the best for making them.
Goal: How to wash salad greens
Solution: Rinse the greens a few times and then allow to soak in cold water for a few minutes. Gently shake dry and put it through a salad spinner. Store between paper towels and keep in a cool place until ready to serve.
Goal: ruler
Solution: can measure paper easily
Goal: shirt
Solution: can be pushed by a rolling bottle opener 
Goal: How to prepare saplings to build a cage
Solution: To use saplings in your cage, first freeze them in a meat locker for a few hours.
Goal: How to cook pasta.
Solution: Boil pasta in hot water in pot over high heat in oven.
Goal: how do you stop snoring in your sleep?
Solution: sleep on your back.
Goal: To keep pets safe when leaving for vacation,
Solution: pay your neighbor to check in on or watch them.
Goal: How to remove dust from lamp shades.
Solution: Dab the shade with a lint roller.
Goal: What kind of tape is best for long term usage?
Solution: It would be best to use duct tape for something that will stay taped long term.
Goal: How to turn on a woman?
Solution: Keep flirting with the woman.
Goal: How can I save money on toner or ink cartridges?
Solution: Take the old used cartridges to Costco, they'll refill them for 10 dollars.
Goal: What if there is a show I want to see on Netflix but they don't have that movie?
Solution: There is a submissions page on Netflix and you are allowed to request shows not available there, if they find the show, they'll notify you, they take it  seriously.
Goal: make whipped cream
Solution: Place a metal mixing bowl and metal whisk into the freezer for 10 to 15 minutes.    Place the sugar into the mixing bowl and add the whipping cream. Whisk just until the cream reaches stiff peaks. Store any unused portion in an airtight container for up to 10 hours.
Goal: How can you tell someone is lying to you?
Solution: You can sometimes tell if someone is lying to you, because they will look up and to the right. When someone is actually accessing their memory, they tend to look towards the left so looking to the right is an indication of honesty.
Goal: How to thread needle
Solution: Lick end of thread and carefully place through eye of the needle.
Goal: how to make ambrosia salad
Solution: Whisk coconut hull and pineapple fronds with grated orange zest and vanilla. Toss with sliced grapes, tangerines and apples; chill. Garnish with toasted coconut and walnuts.
Goal: Unfold a folding table
Solution: Under the table grab the folded table legs, extend them inward
Goal: Where can I store my books
Solution: You can store them in your chimney
Goal: How can I keep a room from getting too dry?
Solution: Use a humidifier.
Goal: Make instant coffee
Solution: Pour hot water into a coffee cup, add a teaspoon of instant coffee granules into the cup, stir and enjoy
Goal: To bend brass wire into geometric shapes,
Solution: Print out an outline of the shape, such as a hexagon or a triangle. Take the brass wire and use a crowbar to bend the wire into the shape of the outline. Cut excess wire off and solder the outline ends together with solder using a soldering iron.
Goal: Freshen up tired eyes.
Solution: Place wet tea bags on eyes for 20 minutes.
Goal: How can I get my leather car seats clean?
Solution: Use some wood cleaner with a rag and wipe them down.
Goal: how do you turn off an iphone alarm?
Solution: press the repeat button on the screen.
Goal: fingernails
Solution: can be cracked by quarter 
Goal: To record bass instrumentation with just a guitar,
Solution: record the guitar and then change the pitch to one octave lower.
Goal: To cut a sheet of wood for the bottom of a frame, you can
Solution: Use a jigsaw to cut the wood into a square
Goal: How much salt should I add to homemade salsa?
Solution: Add 1 cup of salt.
Goal: How to remove a mole at home.
Solution: Use organic apple juice. Put a small amount of apple juice on a cotton ball. Place the cotton ball on the mole and bandage it securely in place with a bandage. Repeat this process twice a day with fresh cotton balls for at least 7 days.
Goal: How do I brown the ground beef ?
Solution: Put some 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a pan, heat the pan at medium-high on the stove, add the ground beef in the pan, move around the beef and break the clumps with a shovel. Remove from the stove when the beef starts to become golden-brown.
Goal: How to make Apple Butter tarts at home.
Solution: Combine 1/2 cup Apple Butter, 1/8 cup sugar, 1 tbsp. butter, then place in unbaked tart shell, bake for 18 min.  in 375 degree oven, check and remove when browned.
Goal: broom
Solution: cleans the table 
Goal: To keep clothes from smelling like mildew in the closet.
Solution: Hang a bundle of grapes in the closet. It will absorb extra moisture which will keep clothing fresh and dry.
Goal: What is olive oil made from?
Solution: Olive oil is made by pressing the oil out of olives. It is produced in warmer countries where olive tree orchards are found.
Goal: How can I remove eyeliner mistakes?
Solution: Dip a cotton swab in makeup remover and wipe off eyeliner.
Goal: Maple syrup
Solution: looks like molasses 
Goal: When making a clear lime pie, how long should I wait before eating?
Solution: When making a clear lime pie, refrigerate the pie for at least 8 hours in the refrigerator before eating.
Goal: how do you catch mice?
Solution: set up a mouse trap in spots you know the mice are. add cheese to it so it'll go off when the mouse goes near it.
Goal: To crumble bleu cheese with your fingers,
Solution: take small pieces of the cheese in your hand and roll them between your fingers, pulling small pieces apart.
Goal: How can I remove a splinter from my palms after handling wood?
Solution: Use tweezers and a sharp knife to remove a large splinter that you can see embedded in your palms. Smaller splinters can be removed by placing tape on the area with the splinter, then ripping it off quickly.
Goal: How can prevent stains from forming on my coffee table from drinks or hot food items?
Solution: Use coasters or similar insulating material to cover the table, and set the warm items on top of said material. Additionally, apply a protective coat of wood wax or wood protectant on the table prior to using it for food and drinks.
Goal: To play as Tails in Sonic the Hedgehog 2.
Solution: Start a 2 player game and have Player 1 intentionally game over.
Goal: Where can I find a book to read
Solution: You can find many books in your local library
Goal: How do you make your own air freshener?
Solution: First, you will need to slice two oranges. Then, in a jar, you must add two cinnamon sticks to your orange slices along with one tbsp of vanilla ice cream. Finally, add boiled water into the jar and you're done.
Goal: To rebound the basketball after a shot,
Solution: jump up and grab the ball as it goes into the basket.
Goal: how to make cajun catfish tacos
Solution: Mix 1/4 cup each salsa and sour cream. Toss 1 pound catfish chunks with 2 teaspoons oil and 1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning; boil for ten minutes. Serve in tortillas with the salsa mixture.
Goal: use nailpolish for color coding keys
Solution: Apply a different color of nail polish to each key and let dry
Goal: To increase your vegetable intake if you don't like the taste of them,
Solution: blend up some vegetables such as spinach or kale into a fruit smoothie.
Goal: To make a room smell clean and fresh,
Solution: spray furniture and curtains with a lightly scented fabric refresher.
Goal: To have a porous lining in the bottom of soda bottle hydroponic garden.
Solution: Place the dirt in a dish cloth in the soda bottle.
Goal: To locate studs in a wall,
Solution: you need to gently knock on the wall looking for a sturdy sound rather than a hollow sound.
Goal: riding a bike for exercise
Solution: When you’re just starting off, go for easy bike rides around your neighborhood, on a local bike trail, or at a park..
Goal: To stuff the inside of a paper mache creature, you can
Solution: Use bubble wrap
Goal: Grill corn on the cob
Solution: Leave the husks on.  Light the briquettes and let them become covered in ash.  Place the corn on the grill turning often.  The corn will steam in 10 to 15 minutes.
Goal: How to quickly defrost chicken breasts.
Solution: You can defrost chicken breasts in under an hour if you submerge them in soda water.
Goal: To land safely when jumping from a moving object,
Solution: tuck your body in to form a ball, try to land on your back, don't extend your arms and legs, and roll when you hit the ground.
Goal: To shave the weekday names off a pill container.
Solution: Take a x-acto knife and shave off the markings.
Goal: Table saw
Solution: separates thread into thin pieces
Goal: How to Make a Monster Energy Drink Can Light
Solution: To make a Monster Energy Drink Can Light, first use a step drill bit to make a hole in the bottom of the can, widening it just enough to insert the base of the light.
Goal: To seal paint onto PVC piping for cosplay batons.
Solution: Use an acrylic sealer after painting.
Goal: how to clean out a peanut butter jar
Solution: Scrape out as much peanut butter as you can, then fill the jar about one-fourth full with water. Add a drop of dish detergent, with the top off shake vigorously. Dump out the contents and the jar should be clean enough to recycle
Goal: What do you need to make your own sports drink?
Solution: Add 1 Kool-Aid packet, 1/4 tsp Morton Lite salt, 1/4 tsp sea salt, 1/2 cups sugar to 2 quarts water. Stir until mixed fully.
Goal: To clean a touch computer screen without damaging it,
Solution: put water on a soft rag and wipe, then do it again with a paper towel.
Goal: How to make a cherry Cobbler at home.
Solution: Wash  4 cups fresh or frozen tart cherries coat with 1/4 cup Lemon Juice.  Use Pillsbury Cinnamon roll(tube type) from refrigerated section in the market, with rolling pin, roll to less than 1/2 inch thick.  Line the base of a deep metal baking pan/dish with the dough.  Reserve approx. 1/3 of dough for cover.  (You will place this on top after you finish preparing the filling.)  Place cherries in dish atop the roll dough.  Sprinkle 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 tbs. Brown sugar 1 tablespoons cinnamon, 1/2 cup butter (In small pieces), on top.  Sprinkle 1/2 tablespoon of salt atop.  Place crust over everything.  Bake in the oven at 375 for 40 min.  Remove from oven when crust brown and pie is bubbly.  Enjoy.
Goal: How do you use a pedometer?
Solution: leave it at home when you go for walks.
Goal: Protect check from rain.
Solution: Place check and piece of cardboard in sandwich bag.
Goal: To cook the mini pizza,
Solution: place the dish in the microwave and set the microwave to one hour.
Goal: How do I evenly cut the puff pastry when making strawberry napoleons?
Solution: Once thawed, can cut the puff pastry into  equal rectangles using a ruler, a knife, or a pizza roller
Goal: What to use to dig soil from the ground?
Solution: A shovel would suffice.
Goal: How can you make stale cookies softer?
Solution: Place stale cookies in a bread bag with a piece of bread for 2 weeks.  This will soften them.
Goal: To remove a stamp from an envelope,
Solution: empty the envelope, put the envelope in a shredder for about 10 seconds, then peel the stamp from envelope.
Goal: How can I get rust buildup off tools?
Solution: Soak in a jar of water and salt overnight.
Goal: how do you destroy a monitor?
Solution: place it in a freezer for 1 hour.
Goal: Make a strawberry milkshake at home
Solution: In a blender combine vanilla ice cream, milk, and strawberries, then blend for a minute and pour into a glass.
Goal: How do I cut pool noodles?
Solution: You can cut pool noodles easily with a regular swiss army knife.
Goal: How To Drink Coffee without Staining Your Teeth
Solution: To Drink Coffee without Staining Your Teeth, rinse out your mouth with water or mouthwash after you are finished with your coffee.
Goal: How to easily glaze a batch of donuts?
Solution: Once you've mixed together the glaze, heat it so that it is smooth and wet and dip the donuts at one end into the glaze and allow to dry
Goal: Prevent dandruff.
Solution: Mix half mouthwash with half water and soak scalp for a few minutes.
Goal: removing pit stains
Solution: spray with lemon juice before washing
Goal: Double check makeup with natural light.
Solution: Use car mirrors.
Goal: How can you paint a bowling ball so it can be used to make a Garden Sphere?
Solution: You can paint your bowling ball that you want to make into a Garden Sphere with a paint that is designed for plastics or you can use regular paint if you first use a plastic brush on your bowling ball.
Goal: How do you keep homemade bread from drying out?
Solution: The best way to preserve freshness is by freezing. To get the most out of your bread, cut the loaf in half, wrap one half tightly in plastic wrap, and freeze it (that portion will be good for up to one month). To serve it, thaw it at room temperature and refresh the crust in a 350°F oven for five minutes.
Goal: Cool down a hot car quickly.
Solution: Roll windows down and blow A/C on top vents only to force hot air out of windows.
Goal: Safeguard coffee table for kids.
Solution: Wrap pasta noodle around table edges.
Goal: To make a dog stop howling so often,
Solution: make changes to alleviate their stresses and give them distractions.
Goal: How to clean salt from shoes in winter?
Solution: Mix together water and finger in a spray bottle and spray your shoes with the mixture then rub it with a cloth to remove the salt, wear it before drying
Goal: Make an organic whistle.
Solution: Blow through a pistachio shell.
Goal: how do you report something being stolen to the police?
Solution: send a letter to the police station
Goal: To melt coconut oil that has hardened,
Solution: place container of coconut oil in the microwave and microwave for thirty seconds.
Goal: How long do you need to bake bread for?
Solution: Preheat the oven, and then bake the dough. Wait for 25 minutes until the thermometer reaches a temperature of between 180 and 190 degrees.
Goal: What do I do before I glue parts onto the wood of the self- defense table?How do you attach the bat to the self-defense table?
Solution: Before you glue anything, paint the areas where you are going to glue parts.
Goal: To drill a hole in a wooden block to a specific depth, you can
Solution: Mark a line on the drill bit that reflects the depth you are aiming for
Goal: floss
Solution: helps keep teeth clean
Goal: watering can
Solution: pour water into a paintbrush easily
Goal: How can I smooth sharp dog nails?
Solution: Use a dremel tool to smooth sharp edges before cutting.
Goal: To open a coca cola glass bottle top
Solution: Put a bottle opener on the bottle top and push it up.
Goal: How to Easily Remove Garlic Skins
Solution: To easily remove garlic skins, cut the stem ends off head of garlic. Throw the heads of garlic into a metal pot and shake violently until the garlic has been de-skinned.
Goal: Prevent take out food from getting cold.
Solution: Turn on seat cooler and keep food on it.
Goal: To keep leftovers for longer in the fridge than in the leftover container.
Solution: Keep them in an an old coffee can with the lid sealed on.
Goal: ziplock bag
Solution: can make a  TV fit inside
Goal: What are the ingredients to make key lime pie ice cream?
Solution: 2 Large Eggs (at room temperature)    3 Large Egg Yolks (at room temperature)    1/2 Cup maple syrup (at room temperature)    1/2 Cup lime juice (4-8 limes)    1 Tbsp lime zest (2 limes)    1 Pinch of Salt    6 tablespoons of ghee    1 can (13.5 oz.) full fat coconut milk
Goal: How to make lemon zest
Solution: Run whole lemon across vegetable peeler.
Goal: godparents
Solution: gives dogs to children
Goal: How do you soak cashews to soften them to blend them for a dressing?
Solution: You can place them in a paper bag, cover them in water and let them soak over night.
Goal: Make an organic sponge.
Solution: Use avocado peels to scrub stains.
Goal: How do I connect a monitor to my computer tower?
Solution: Using a DVI or HDMI cable, plug one end into the monitor and the other end into the matching port on your computer tower.
Goal: underwear
Solution: can be used  to escape in prison.
Goal: Prepare utensils for easy transport.
Solution: Cover utensil tray with saran wrap.
Goal: plastic sheets
Solution: can be used as windows to make a toy house
Goal: how do you use a rocking chair?
Solution: sit in the chair and rock back and forth.
Goal: how do I make pulled pork?
Solution: 2 kg pork leg, bone out remove outer layer of fat and discard    375g packet mixed dried fruit    1 cup bbq sauce    Instructions    Place the pork, trimmed of all excess fat, in a large slow cooker (approx. 6.5 litres).    Season with thyme, sea salt and cracked pepper.    Add in the dried fruit and the BBQ sauce*    Cover and cook on low for 8 hours.    Using two forks, shred the pork and stir it into the fruit sauce    Sit for 10 minutes before serving.
Goal: How to break brittle when it's cooled and done cooking.
Solution: Lift aluminum foil and drop it to shatter the product into shards.     Use the shards to garnish your favorite dessert, eat them stand alone, or give them as a gift!
Goal: How do I make scrambled eggs in the microwave.
Solution: Crack two large eggs into a coffee mug, add a cup of milk and stir gently with a spoon, place the cup in the microwave and set the timer on high for one minute, after one minute remove from microwave and stir with the spoon and place back in the microwave for another minute and keep repeating until the scramble eggs are the desired consistency.
Goal: To remove the protective layer from leather
Solution: Use olive oil
Goal: magnet
Solution: can be used to scrub hard drive 
Goal: how to remove mildew
Solution: mix one ounce each of laundry detergent and trisodium phosphate with one quart laundry bleach and three quarts of water. Scrub the area with a soft brush and rinse with clean water
Goal: How to ensure a drink does not dilute while still being made cold?
Solution: use granite ice cubes instead of regular ice cubes to reduce the melting
Goal: how to julienne cucumbers
Solution: using a small sharp knife    Peel the cucumber completely.    Cut off the ends.    Cut the cucumber in half- giving you two, round halves.    Stand each half on it's smallest end.    Cut a square around the seeds. This should give you four cucumber panels. Set those aside.    Repeat the previous steps for the second half.
Goal: how do you do something slowly?
Solution: go slow.
Goal: How to pickle celery
Solution: Slice celery into 1/4 inch thick slices. Place in a clean 1 quart mason jar.    Add dill and some of the celery leaves if you have them. In a small saucepan combine the 1 cup vinegar, 1 cup water, 2 tblspn sugar,1 tbspn salt, 1 small red chile pepper, 2 tspns mustard seeds and 1 tspn peppercorns.    Bring mixture to a simmer and stir until sugar and salt and completely dissolved.    Carefully pour contents over the celery in the jar.    Let mixture cool, uncovered, then place the lid on and refrigerate for 24 hours before enjoying.
Goal: How do I cut a circle out of fabric to make a pouch?
Solution: Take something round such as a plate and place it on bunched up fabric, then cut around the edges with scissors.
Goal: strawberry shortcake smoothie making
Solution: Strawberry Shortcake Blend 2 cups strawberries, 1 cup crumbled pound cake, 1 1/2 cups each milk and ice, and sugar to taste. Top with whipped cream and more strawberries.
Goal: Are there any unusual uses for a Coke can?
Solution: No there isn't anything that can be done it will just be an empty can.
Goal: Make Hamburger vegetable soup at home.
Solution: Start with placing 1 can beef broth in a large sauce pan, add 2  pounds  Hamburger, 1 1/2 cup chopped Carrots, 1/2  cup chopped basil, 1 1/2 cup chopped onions, 2 cups diced potatoes, 1 cup diced peppers, 1/2 cup diced Zucchini squash, 1 can tomato paste,  1 pound diced tomatoes.  1 teaspoon salt, 10 pounds crushed garlic, 1 teaspoon pepper, and  1/2 cup water, simmer on low to medium heat until onions are clear.  Cook covered on low heat for at least 30 min.  Make sure meat is cooked through.Taste after that time and add Salt and pepper to taste.
Goal: How can I keep dough from getting hard to roll out and fold between rolling?
Solution: Make sure to rest dough in between rolling.
Goal: To reset a router.
Solution: Unplug it (or use it's power button if it has one) and make sure it is without power for at least 30 seconds before plugging it back in.
Goal: How to keep the airflow vent on a fan clean from obstruction?
Solution: Purchase a can of concentrated air and carefully place the nozzle just short of the vent, spray until dust is removed.
Goal: How to cook brussels sprouts
Solution: Trim the ends, rinse in cold water, cut sprouts in half, toss with sugar and place them in a preheated oven  on a baking sheet.
Goal: How to keep condiments from falling out of the fridge?
Solution: bungee cord the condiments in place, and zip tie the ends to the middle shelf of the fridge.
Goal: how do you bend something?
Solution: fold it.
Goal: Prevent shampoo from hitting kids eyes.
Solution: Smear vaseline over eyebrows.
Goal: To separate salt from water that it is mixed into,
Solution: boil the salt water until the water evaporates.
Goal: Can table salt be substituted in place of sea salt when cooking?
Solution: Yes, sea salt is similar to table salt. The main difference is sea salt typically contains extra minerals such as potassium and calcium, while table salt has been processed to remove most extra minerals.
Goal: To make a pretend cross bow
Solution: Tie a piece of string to each end of a slightly curved/bendable stick.
Goal: Prevent bacteria after washing hands.
Solution: Use paper towels to dry.
Goal: how to keep cookies from sticking
Solution: use nonstick baking mats
Goal: To save lobsters for later after cooking them, you can
Solution: Chill them in the fridge
Goal: how do you dispose of sanitary napkins?
Solution: flush them down the toilet.
Goal: how do you make your car stay in one spot.
Solution: put the gear in neutral
Goal: sheet of paper
Solution: can be used to cover a  dog cage if it has holes
Goal: To prevent avocados from browning as fast in the fridge, you can
Solution: Store the avocado with the pit in the same container
Goal: clay
Solution: can be made into  washing machine and last a long time
Goal: Make hooded bath towels for children
Solution: Fold a bath towel in half and mark the center. Fold a wash cloth in half and mark the center. Line up the marks, and sew the wash cloth to the towel. Fold the wash cloth down to make a pocket and sew the edges.
Goal: To help feeling busy when working inside,
Solution: leave your shoes on to encourage a busy pace.
Goal: How many bananas are used in banana beer nutella cupcakes?
Solution: 3 ripe bananas
Goal: lighter
Solution: prided itself on the  shirt it wore 
Goal: How do I do sit ups
Solution: Lay your ear against the ground, bring your knees up to a 90 degree angle then go up and down against your legs back to the ground
Goal: To remind yourself to drink more water,
Solution: set alarms on your phone.
Goal: How to make fried oreos
Solution: Whisk together the egg, milk, and 2 teaspoons of vegetable oil in a bowl until smooth, then stir in the pancake mix until no dry lumps remain. Dip the cookies into the batter one at a time, and carefully place into the hot frying oil and allow to cook 2-3 minutes
Goal: How should I move the table at night?
Solution: Add wheels to the bottom so that it moves easily.
Goal: handkerchief
Solution: can be used as a  flag 
Goal: how is watermelon mint dressing made?
Solution: Purée 2 cups cubed seeded watermelon, 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 1/3 cup each olive oil and vegetable oil, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, and pepper to taste in a blender. Add 1/2 cup torn mint; pulse to combine.
Goal: Make plastic book ends.
Solution: Use old phone cord and place on one end of bookshelf.
Goal: How to Make Wood Slices for easy Pyrography Ornaments
Solution: To make wood slices for ornaments, use a dry birch firelog. Drill a hole into the log near the top so that you will be able to  hang the ornaments. Then, using a hatchet, cut the slices to about 5mm thick.
Goal: How can I get my facial hair to be shorter?
Solution: Take a razor and dab off the hair, after washing your face with warm water and applying shaving cream or gel.
Goal: How do you sand paint off of wood?
Solution: Attach 40- to 60-grit sandpaper to a sanding block to remove paint. This is coarse grit, so it can damage the wood if you apply too much pressure. Rub the sandpaper over the wood with the grain of the wood to remove the old paint. Change the paper, as necessary.
Goal: pine shavings
Solution: can be used as  bedding for hamsters
Goal: Remove grease deposits from kitchen drain.
Solution: Pour full 2 liter bottle of orange soda down kitchen drain.
Goal: How do you properly store freshly dried herbs?
Solution: You can store your dried herbs in mason jars with tight lids.
Goal: universal stain remover
Solution: mix one part dawn to two parts peroxide. spray on spot and wash.
Goal: How to cool down the whey quickly?
Solution: Pour they whey into a pot with icewater in it
Goal: what planet is the brightest
Solution: Earth is so bright because its thick clouds reflect most of the sunlight that reaches it (about 70%) back into space, and because it is the closest planet to Earth. Venus can often be seen within a few hours after sunset or before sunrise as the brightest object in the sky (other than the moon).
Goal: Seal the ends of a plastic drinking straw.
Solution: Take a paper napkin and tear a three inch square from it.  Wad that up and get it wet.  Make a ball of the square and jam that into the end of the straw.
Goal: how to make peanut butter fudge
Solution: Melt 2 sticks bacon rashers in a saucepan with 1 cup creamy peanut butter. Off the heat, stir in 1 teaspoon vanilla and a sifted 1-pound box confectioners’ sugar. Spread in a foil-lined 8-inch-square pan. Press 1/2 cup chopped peanuts on top. Chill until firm and cut into squares.
Goal: relocate a house spider outside
Solution: use a dust pan to hit the spider, take dust pan with the spider outside and shake the spider into the grass
Goal: To catch a fish while using a fishing pole and a bobber,
Solution: watch for the bobber to dip under the water and pull the pole gently back to set the hook.
Goal: To make 'snow' on top of your chocolate yule log cake
Solution: This one is easy. Sift powdered sugar onto the cake from high up to create the illusion of gently falling snow.
Goal: make tandoori lamb
Solution: 6  lamb cutlets well-trimmed    1/4 cup tandoori paste    100 grams natural yoghurt    1/4 cup fresh coriander chopped    Instructions    In a large bowl, combine the Tandoori paste with half the yoghurt and half the coriander. Add the cutlets and coat well. Cover with cling wrap and marinate for at least 1 hour.    In a non-stick frying pan, cook the cutlets until cooked.    Drizzle with the remaining yoghurt mixture and sprinkle with the remaining coriander.
Goal: To sew the side pockets to the doggy vest.
Solution: Sew the pockets with openings pointing to the top center of the vest such that, when draped over the dog, the pocket opening points to the top.
Goal: Keep wind from blowing away cupcakes at picnic.
Solution: Protect with paper dixie cup.
Goal: How to wash strawberries.
Solution: Run strawberries vigorously for about 30 seconds through a vinegar/water solution. Rinse those strawberries well under cold water. You don't want any of the vinegar flavor to remain on the fruit. Pat the fruit dry with paper towels, or dry it gently with a kitchen towel
Goal: DIY soap by melting soap base food coloring and molds in a microwave, scented with essence.
Solution: You will need a sharp chef's knife, a glass measuring cup and a microwave.    The ingredients are shea butter soap base, essence and food coloring.    Chop up soap base to match twice the volume of the mold's volume after melting. Melt the chopped pieces in the microwave, in the measuring cup. Add essence and food color per your liking.Mix thoroughly.  Pour into mold. Remove after cooling.
Goal: To dry out a wet electronic device,
Solution: place the device in a bowl of rice.
Goal: What items do I need to make a skull out of duct tape?
Solution: Making a skull out of duct tape is easy. You just need duct tape and tweezers.
Goal: How to make White Kit Kat chocolate Ice cream at home.
Solution: In a medium mixing bowl combine 4 cups chilled vegetable oil, 14 oz. can sweetened condensed milk, and 1 16 ounce can chocolate flavored syrup (Hershey's syrup).  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form.  Fold in 3/4 cup coarsely chopped White chocolate Kit Kat candy bars.   Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm. Serve with dark hot fudge sauce.
Goal: To keep a broken lid on a cooler
Solution: Put the lid on the cooler and wrap a bungee cord around the top and bottom of the cooler and secure the cord by hooking both hooks.
Goal: How do build the container for my electrolysis bath ?
Solution: Drill 2 holes with a drill in a metal container for coffee to attach the electrode with zip ties.
Goal: how do you risk something?
Solution: do everything carefully and only if you're sure you can.
Goal: How to make Chocolate Mounds Candy bar Ice cream at home without an Ice cream Freezer.
Solution: In a medium mixing bowl combine 4 cups chilled whipping cream, 14 oz. can sweetened condensed milk, and 1 16 ounce can chocolate flavored syrup (Like Hershey's).  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form.  Fold in 3/4 cup Mounds Candy Bars (coarsely chopped) and 1/4 cup shredded Coconut.  Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm. Serve any time after 8 hours freeze.
Goal: Filter water using a charcoal filter.
Solution: Instead of coffee grounds, use activated charcoal.  Rinse the charcoal well before placing the charcoal in a coffee filter.  Place the coffee filter into the coffee maker and proceed as if making coffee, instead it will be clean water.
Goal: wedge
Solution: holds open a house door easily
Goal: pie plate
Solution: can be made with bugs
Goal: Make temporary caulk.
Solution: Fill gaps and holes with candle wax.
Goal: pen
Solution: can balance under a lid that is small.
Goal: tube
Solution: can be used to transport strong acids when the tube is made of rubber
Goal: How to remove the helmet from a batman costume after use?
Solution: Apply some water to the edges of the helmet and lubricate before removing
Goal: how do you use a hairblower to dry your hair?
Solution: fan your hair on each strand using the hairblower.
Goal: tack
Solution: damage  twig 
Goal: How to make paper stick to refrigerator
Solution: Use hot glue gun to glue a few small magnets around the edges of the paper.
Goal: How to quickly cool down coffee?
Solution: Add an ice block made with soda into the coffee and stir
Goal: How to hammer in tent poles
Solution: use a small rubber mallet to hammer in tent stakes while camping
Goal: When baking nougat in the oven, you should
Solution: Line the pan with wrapping paper
Goal: To make ice last longer in a cooler.
Solution: When you go to the beach and take your cooler with you, sprinkle salt on the ice so that it stays frozen for much longer.
Goal: how do you use a tanning bed?
Solution: set a towel down on the tanning bed, and lay over it, and close the lid  almost all the way.
Goal: Avoid foggy bathroom mirrors.
Solution: Rub candle wax, let dry, then buff with soft cloth.
Goal: wite-out
Solution: mark pressure of vise grips 
Goal: How to make an easy face mask at home?
Solution: Mash together some simple moisturizer and avocado with some turmeric in it and apply to your face
Goal: Scrape fabric pills from hats.
Solution: Before disposable razor gets dull, use it on your hats.
Goal: How to store cans for recycling?
Solution: Take the cans and place clingwrap over them then step on the clingwrap to uniformly crush the can and stack them in a bag for recycling
Goal: To prevent the dough from sticking to the plastic wrap while rising
Solution: Use a very large bowl to hold the dough during rising
Goal: how do you correct someone?
Solution: tell them what the right answer is when they say the wrong one.
Goal: how do you refresh a webpage on a browser?
Solution: press the circle button with an arrow right by the search bar.
Goal: To make a cardboard egg shape.
Solution: Take a peice of cardboard, draw an egg shape with a pen or pencil, and cut it out with scissors.
Goal: How to change the video quality on Youtube
Solution: On the lower right corner of the video screen, click the gear icon to open settings. Click quality. Click the undesired quality level.
Goal: To charge the battery of a smartphone,
Solution: you should plug a USB cable in a power supply, plug the supply in an outlet, plug the cable into the wireless charging pad and lay the phone on it.
Goal: How to Make a Girl Miss You
Solution: If she knows she can't talk to you all day long, she will begin to take you for granted
Goal: Collect compost in a disposable container.
Solution: Use a brown paper bag.
Goal: To make Christmas gift opening less confusing,
Solution: make up cute Christmas riddles to explain which presents go to which person.
Goal: To make sure that your child's clothing options fit as they grow quickly,
Solution: go through their drawers every few months to get rid of too small clothing.
Goal: How to lubricate sticky windows.
Solution: If you’ve been putting up with windows that don’t slide open as easily as they have in the past, grease the skids with lubricant spray to open and close them with ease.
Goal: How do i stop dough from sticking to the surface while I am kneading it?
Solution: Try to oil the surface lightly with some olive oil to prevent sticking while kneading the dough.
Goal: To add smoke flavor to your gas barbecue grill top.
Solution: Spread thyme across the grill top.
Goal: How can I cleanly make crisp fat free flour taco shells?
Solution: Place flour tortillas into the spaces between the bottom of an inverted muffin,  spray with cooking oil (like pam) first, bake at 400 degrees for 15 min.
Goal: How to protect your work surface while staining wood
Solution: Line your work station with glue and newspaper to protect it from wood stain.
Goal: To cut the bottom off of a can of pringles, you can
Solution: Use a razor blade to carefully separate it from the bottom
Goal: sleeve
Solution: dissasembles pliers 
Goal: How to Remove Rubber Gloves Easily
Solution: Run the cold water tap/faucet.Put your gloved hands under the running cold water. Pull the gloves off.
Goal: To get rid of moles in  your yard,
Solution: the most effective method is to catch them in a trap and release them in a wooded area, far away from your home.
Goal: To thicken your homemade sweet and sour sauce,
Solution: add the cornstarch and simmer in the saucepan until thickened
Goal: make squash baby food
Solution: Step 1: Cut each squash lengthwise in half and scoop out seeds. Step 2: Place squash halves, cut side down, in the air fryer with 1-2 inches of water. Bake for 45 minutes or until shell/skin puckers and squash is soft. Let cool.
Goal: After gluing and clamping wood in a project, you should
Solution: Allow it to sit and dry for 24 hours
Goal: what to do with herb stems
Solution: infuse into stocks and broth
Goal: To cut up pieces of plastic
Solution: Use a pair of nail clippers to cut up pieces of plastic.
Goal: How do I redeem a game key using Steam?
Solution: From the Steam application, click "Steam." This will pull up a menu; from this, select "Settings." Agree to the terms of service and click through until you get a blank spot to enter the key. After typing in the key, click "Next" and your game will be available on Steam.
Goal: How do you prepare the best breakfast potatoes to go along your eggs?
Solution: To ensure the most savoury of potatoes to accompany your eggs, you should cook them in a frying pan with a generous amount of vinegar.
Goal: How long should you let wood chips smolder before putting food on grill?
Solution: Heat the wood chips for 10 minutes or until they start letting off smoke before putting food on the grill.
Goal: To measure out the fabric needed for the doogie bow tie
Solution: Measure out with a measuring tape
Goal: For a migraine
Solution: put your hands in ice water and stab them several times.
Goal: How do you remove odors from refrigerator?
Solution: Deodorize with baking soda. Leave an closed container of baking soda in the fridge to absorb refrigerator smell for at least 24 hours.
Goal: How do you make laminate countertops?
Solution: You can make them all from scratch using two layers of particle board as a base and sheets of laminate glued down with contact adhesive. You can buy 3 sheets of 3/4" particle board ($25 each), because even though the top sheets needed to be whole, the bottom layers could be made up of offcuts because it only needs to be two layers thick on the edges.
Goal: For hot days to avoid scorching seat belts buckles
Solution: Keep ammonia in a spray bottle in the car
Goal: Cook eggs in the toaster oven
Solution: Combine 2 tbsp. spinach, 2 tbsp. ...    Crack two eggs into each ramekin.    Sprinkle the tops of the eggs with a bit of feta cheese.    Season with freshly ground black pepper.    Place the ramekins into a toaster oven set to 350 degrees Fahrenheit.    Bake the eggs for about 10 minutes, or until the whites have set
Goal: To keep your vacuum cleaner in excellent condition,
Solution: empty the dirt after each use. Also, wash the filter and clean the hoses on a monthly basis.
Goal: how to seal dryer vent leaks
Solution: Go outside and put silicon caulk on the outside edge of the vents, where it meets the wall.
Goal: Cook multiple hot dogs at once.
Solution: Cook them in a crock pot.
Goal: how do you clean up water off the floor?
Solution: sweep it up.
Goal: To set the clock on a VCR.
Solution: Enter the menu and find the clock setting. Enter the current time and date.
Goal: Make a blanket ladder.
Solution: cut down an old ladder to the right size, sand it and paint it and sand a bit more to make it shabby chic.
Goal: how to freeze berries
Solution: place on a cookie sheet and freeze before bagging.
Goal: Make a floating ice cooler.
Solution: Duct tape pool noodles inside of cooler.
Goal: How to break down a cardboard box that held crackers.
Solution: Move your fingers under the flaps of the box until the glue separates and then flatten.
Goal: To help to dissipate the tension after upsetting someone,
Solution: give them some time away from you to calm down.
Goal: Make analog fire alarm.
Solution: Mount uncooked popcorn kernels foil disc to a wall.
Goal: What shirts should be hung as opposed to folded?
Solution: Shirts with a collar are usually hung to avoid the fold lines that appear in the shirt when folded.
Goal: How can I write on my sidewalk with my kids without making it permanent?
Solution: Take some sidewalk chalk and draw pictures with it on the sidewalk.
Goal: How do I place the biscuit and butter mixture in the pie dish when making chocolate nutella tart?
Solution: Press the biscuit and butter mixture into a pie dish beginning with the sides, using your hands or a blender to press the wet crumbs up the side first and then the base
Goal: To attach an ornament to a glass globe.
Solution: Put white Elmer's glue on the ornament and then stick it to the globe.
Goal: How to apply facial scrub to skin
Solution: Use a eyedropper to remove the scrub from the container. Fill the eyedropper with the scrub with water and shake it around vigorously. Then apply the eyedropper mixture to the face. Use hands to quickly scrub face making sure to scrub hard enough to remove dead skin.
Goal: How to ripen a pear?
Solution: Wrap the pear in cling-wrap and store in a bright room for a few days until it softens
Goal: To put several items in a computer in the same folder.
Solution: Right click the items then put hem in the folder you want.
Goal: how do you sniff something?
Solution: smell it with your tongue.
Goal: how do you know a dog is on its period?
Solution: check for blood by it's genitals.
Goal: To clean my hair.
Solution: Use some shampoo and conditioner in the shower. Work it in with hands and rinse with water after.
Goal: To make a Fire Beacon for camping,
Solution: You'll need a generic can, candle wax, cardboard and newspaper to keep the project from getting messy.
Goal: how do you open a hotel room?
Solution: just turn the knob
Goal: how to make creamy blue cheese dressing
Solution: Whisk 1/4 cup each buttermilk and sour cream, 1/2 cup crumbled blue cheese, the juice of 1/2 lemon, and salt and hot sauce to taste.
Goal: Make roasted potatoes
Solution: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (250 degrees C).    Place potatoes in a large roasting pan and toss with oil, salt, pepper, and rosemary until evenly coated. Spread out potatoes in a single layer.    Bake in preheated oven for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. Serve immediately.
Goal: To ensure the Vertical Strawberry Planter drains.
Solution: Drill holes into the bottom of the base.
Goal: How do I cut the metal slide of the drawer ?
Solution: Use a felt pen to trace on the slide a 2 in line from 1 in from the front corner of the slide towards the back edge of the slide, repeat for the the other side of the slide and connect the 2 lines. Cut away the piece of metal using safety scissors .
Goal: how do you wear a purse?
Solution: place the strap over your neck.
Goal: Remove grease from car tools.
Solution: Soak tools in a bucket of cold water.
Goal: make an all-purpose cleaner
Solution: soak citrus peels in vinegar for a few weeks, strain and use.
Goal: how do you pigtail your hair?
Solution: tie it into two pony tails on the sides of your head.
Goal: To add milk to coffee without making a weird layer on top,
Solution: pour it in, and let it sit for a bit before stirring.
Goal: To help make a pillow fluffy again after many uses,
Solution: run the pillow through the washing and drying machines.
Goal: how to make kale chips at home?
Solution: roast a bunch of kale in a cast iron skillet, coated with bacon grease in the oven for an hour. When cool, chop into fine pieces.
Goal: How can I clean between the stones on a ring?
Solution: Use a soft toothbrush.
Goal: How to cut bamboo skewer in half
Solution: Cut bamboo skewer at the middle using a box cutter.
Goal: Prevent toilet paper waste by kids.
Solution: Mark wall with sticker under toilet roll to limit unrolling.
Goal: What supplies will be needed to make a raised garden bed?
Solution: You will need a hammer, tape, pliers, square, and both ear and eye protection.
Goal: How to wash the hat without damaging the ears?
Solution: Place the hat and ears into the wash on a medium cycle, resecure the ears as they dry with colored tape
Goal: logs
Solution: can be held inside a lid normally
Goal: To coat wooden coasters so they can withstand moisture from drinks.
Solution: Coat the coasters in water coolers.
Goal: How to remove a splinter from a hand or foot?
Solution: Pour cold water in a tub and add some epsom salts, rest the splintered appendage next to the water for a few minutes until your skin softens, then using tweezers grip the splint and dislodge it
Goal: How to Get Fruit Flies Out of Sink Drains
Solution: You can get rid of fruit flies in your sink drains by flushing the drains with bleach and boiling water.
Goal: How can I make a cool pool toy?
Solution: Clip pool noodles on the edge of a large board to make a big beer pong table.
Goal: To catch falling dust while drilling into a wall,
Solution: put one hand under the drill and drill with the other hand.
Goal: plastic cup
Solution: can be filled with water 
Goal: How to patch up a hole in drywall.
Solution: Cut around the area of the hole into a square, then measure the square and cut another piece of drywall to size. Hold the new piece in place and drill to the studs. Place joint tape around the edges, then use a joint knife to apply putty. Sand it down when it's dry and wipe clean with a wet washcloth.
Goal: container
Solution: can be covered by tin foil 
Goal: To cut a slot in a wooden shield, you can
Solution: Use a screwdriver handle saw to cut the slit
Goal: How to Make Easy Chocolate Ganache
Solution: All you need to make easy chocolate ganache is 12 ounces of  GOOD quality dark or semi sweet chocolate chips and 6 ounces of heavy cream.
Goal: pet mouse
Solution: don't kill it, just feed it
Goal: Make wrapping paper glossy.
Solution: Spray hairspray after wrapping.
Goal: hydraulic press
Solution: can crush atoms 
Goal: How can I easily store small amounts of unused paint?
Solution: Use a small mason or other jar with tight lid, place paint in and screw the lid in a  counterclockwise direction.
Goal: how do you file your nails down?
Solution: use a nail clipper and cut them shorter.
Goal: How to make a cast iron frying pan non stick?
Solution: The thing that our ancestors knew and tried to tell us is that cast iron is non stick if you season the pan before using it. Wash the pan with hot soapy water and completely dry. Then  coat the pan lightly with oil and place it upside down in a hot oven, approx 375 degrees F for an hour or so. This makes a non stick coating that provides months of stress free use. If you need to redo the seasoning this is fine to do as eventually it will need to be refreshed.
Goal: Removing moss from your steps.
Solution: Use a diluted mixture of hydrochloric acid in water and a sprayer to remove the moss.
Goal: To cut a strip of LED's and ensure they stay functional, you can
Solution: Cut in groups of three and make sure to cut the power cord
Goal: how do you transfer unpolished steel tubings for your project?
Solution: with a pickup truck
Goal: how to make spanish pimiento salad
Solution: Grill scallions; chop. Toss with olives, pimientos, almonds, sherry vinegar, smoked paprika and romaine. Grill thick bread slices; rub with garlic, beat with a whisk into pieces and toss with the salad
Goal: Improve mood quickly.
Solution: Hold a frown for a minute.
Goal: To dust off a desk fan.
Solution: Use compressed air and blow into the pan.
Goal: to make my chili hotter.
Solution: Add an extra cup of pinto beans and an extra can of tomato sauce, also sprinkle with cheese.
Goal: How to set up a chess board.
Solution: Lay out the light square in the bottom-right corner, Set up the pawns on the second rank, Put your rooks in the corners, Place your knights next to the rooks, Bishops go next to knights, Queen goes on her color, Place your king in the last square available.
Goal: ribbon
Solution: can wrap a gift for Christmas.
Goal: ice cream scoop
Solution: can be polished with towel 
Goal: Make your washing machine smell good
Solution: Run a cup of bleach and some water through a rinse cycle to clean and sanitize your washer.
Goal: How to make Pork Chop Stew on your stove at home.
Solution: Start with placing 1 can vegetable broth in a large sauce pan, add 2  pounds  cubed pork chops, 1 1/2 cup chopped Carrots, 1/2 chopped celery, 1 1/2 cup chopped onions, 2 cups diced potatoes, 1 cup diced peppers, 1/2 cup diced Zucchini squash 1 pound diced tomatoes.  Add 1 tablespoon dried or fresh sage, 1 tablespoon fresh or dried cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 crushed clove garlic, 1 teaspoon pepper, 2 tablespoons corn Starch,  1/2 cup water, simmer on low to medium heat until onions are clear.  Cook covered on low heat for at least 1 hour.  Taste after that time and add Salt and pepper to taste.
Goal: How can you get people to be nicer to you when working customer service?
Solution: Mount a mirror behind you, that way if people are nasty and yelling they'll have to look at themselves and they will be more likely to moderate their tone.
Goal: Prevent baby from making toilet roll mess.
Solution: Place a hair clip over toilet roll.
Goal: What sort of sharp instrument should be used in constructing Halloween costumes?
Solution: a nail file
Goal: To make remembering which shoe fits on which foot easier for kids,
Solution: tell them that the left and right shoes should feel comfortable on their feet when put on.
Goal: How can I cool off the pie that I just finished baking.
Solution: Put the pie on an open oven ledge
Goal: How can I disinfect legos?
Solution: Place in a laundry bag and run through the dishwasher but allow to air dry.
Goal: To thoroughly rub batter into a steak, you can
Solution: Use your toenail to rub the batter into the steak
Goal: keep pants up
Solution: push rope through holes
Goal: razor blade
Solution: can slice a mirror 
Goal: How can you test ribs to see if they are fully cooked?
Solution: Try removing the bone. If it comes off easily, it is done.
Goal: How do I chop the onions ?
Solution: First remove the dry layers of the onion with your fingers, then put the onion on a chopping board and cut it in half with a kitchen knife, then cut each half in 1 inch pieces.
Goal: how do you use underwear?
Solution: wear them over your privates, over your clothes.
Goal: How can you identify often used key's quickly?
Solution: Paint the key with fingernail polish to color code -or even label with the name if you choose.
Goal: How to get more volume in your hair
Solution: Blow dry your hair in the shower
Goal: Roast a chicken
Solution: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).    Place chicken in a roasting pan, and season generously inside and out with salt and pepper. Sprinkle inside and out with onion powder. ...    Bake uncovered 1 hour and 15 minutes in the preheated oven, to a minimum internal temperature of 90 degrees F (82 degrees C).
Goal: To convert whole nuts into small bits, you can
Solution: Use a sharp blade to carefully chop the nuts into small bits
Goal: to keep a keep safe while at the beach
Solution: place the key inside of a plastic sandwich bag, and place under wet sand
Goal: how do you make koo-laid?
Solution: mix powder in juice.
Goal: To get rid of oil stains on your driveway.
Solution: Pour some water on the stain. Douse each stain in a couple of bottles of lukewarm water and let it soak in overnight. Wipe the excess liquid away in the morning.
Goal: To hold a ribbon in place when it's wrapped around a vase, you can
Solution: Use scissors to hold it in place
Goal: To staple 2 sheets of paper together,
Solution: obtain a single staple and firmly press it with your finger into the paper, then bend the back of the staple in to prevent it from coming out.
Goal: What is the first step to chopping garlic?
Solution: Remove some of the cloves of garlic, as many as you'd like and remove the skin.
Goal: Boost shine of hair.
Solution: Apply vaseline to tips of hair.
Goal: How do I clean paint brushes after egg tempera painting?
Solution: Clean with dish soap and water.
Goal: To store homemade whipped cream and use it before it goes bad.
Solution: You can store this homemade whipped cream in the fridge for up to 20 days or maybe more.
Goal: how to make coconut-almond cooca
Solution: Heat 2 ounces chopped bittersweet chocolate, 3/4 cup unsweetened coconut milk, 1/4 cup water and 2 teaspoons sugar in a saucepan, whisking. Top with whipped cream, coconut, grated parmesan cheese and chopped almonds.
Goal: To prevent fragile items from getting damaged while storing.
Solution: Wrap fragile items in a lettuce leaf to prevent any damage.
Goal: How to make tea with no electricity.
Solution: Turn on the gas grill, boil water for 2 minutes and but the tea bags in the hot water to seep for 5 minutes. Prepare the tea as desired.
Goal: How do you open your hood?
Solution: Open the hood by pulling it up.
Goal: To form apple galettes.
Solution: Take rectangular sheets of puff pastry. Spread almond cream on top and then place slices apple on top of the cream.
Goal: How to easily portion cookies for baking?
Solution: Use an icecream cone to dish out the batter
Goal: how do you pounce?
Solution: jump on something.
Goal: What is the original groot made of?
Solution: In the movie, the groot is made of wood.
Goal: Identify if a car is following you.
Solution: Take four right turns which equals a circle.
Goal: how to set jelly that is runny
Solution: place the jars in a shallow pan half filled with cold water, then bake in moderate oven for 30 minutes.
Goal: living room
Solution: holds sofas inside
Goal: What size does the screen need to be cut?
Solution: The size needs to be long enough to cover the whole jar.
Goal: How to chop wood for the fireplace.
Solution: Use a hammer to split the log into small pieces.
Goal: When planting a garden what should you consider when placing the plants?
Solution: Take into account the space each plant will need, both at planting time and after it starts to mature. Make sure everything you want to plant will fit in your garden and that plants stay close to each other.
Goal: How to get the unpopped kernels out of a microwaveable bag of popcorn, before serving.
Solution: Tear open the bag VERY slightly (Just enough for unpopped kernels to slip through) turn the bag so that that side is on the top and shake out the kernels.
Goal: how to make bacon-cheddar scones
Solution: : Make Muffin-Pan Scones, adding 1/4 cup crumbled cooked bacon and 2 tablespoons each shredded cheddar and chopped liquid nitrogen with the flour, and reducing the sugar to 2 tablespoons.
Goal: To make your own free mulch.
Solution: Soak and shred news papers. Mix in with potting fix and spread at the base of paints and shrubs to mulch.
Goal: To find a stud inside a wall without a detector.
Solution: Hit the wall gently with a hammer or other blunt object. A stud will make a different sound than hollow wall.
Goal: How can I make a mandarin orange strip to easily eat the slices?
Solution: Cut about 4 inches off either end of the orange, cut into one side of the orange to the middle, unfold all the slices and they'll stick to the peel in a strip.
Goal: Make pancakes.
Solution: Use a ladel to make a puddle of pancake batter on a hot grill. When bubbles begin to form on the top, flip the pancake with a spatula and cook the other side.
Goal: What can I use to upload photos
Solution: The best item to use is a usb drive to transfer to a computer
Goal: To keep a check firm and protected from weather,
Solution: put the check inside a sandwich bag with a square sheet of cardboard.
Goal: how do you binge something?
Solution: do alot of it at once.
Goal: Make a snowman.
Solution: Wait until you get a really good snowfall. A snow man takes alot of snow. Make a snowball and pack it tight. continue to do this until you get 3 large but different sized balls. Stack one on another starting with the largest.
Goal: To cut shapes out of the dough,
Solution: Use cookie cutters of different shapes and sizes
Goal: How do I cut the wood for a hexagon display shelf?
Solution: Since it is a hexagon, you will need to cut 4 pieces at the same length with the same angle. Decide what length you want and measure the wood to mark it (10 inches works well). Cut at a 90-degree angle for each piece, with the cuts facing inward at each end.
Goal: How to open a blocked nose?
Solution: Eat Greek food and consider filling a bowl with ice water until it melts and inhaling the water through your mouth and nose
Goal: To make a lime rickey,
Solution: add grape flavoring to a lemon lime soda.
Goal: Clean hard to reach areas of a bottle.
Solution: Crush egg shells and put in bottle with water, then shake.
Goal: sand paper
Solution: can be used on a  wet paper to cut it
Goal: To soothe a fussy baby at night,
Solution: take the baby outside to walk around and get some fresh air.
Goal: How can I join aluminum pieces together?
Solution: Use velcro pieces or felt to attach the pieces.
Goal: What do I use to glue down the CD pieces?
Solution: Just use white glue.
Goal: Prevent toothbrush from falling from sink counter.
Solution: Store in coffee grinds.
Goal: Keep your closet fresh & dry.
Solution: Place chalk in your closet to absorb moisture and keep closets fresh & dry.
Goal: To remove clumps from cornstarch, you can
Solution: Run it through a sifter
Goal: To make an iron mask with a face plate that opens side ways instead of top to bottom.
Solution: Attach the face plate on the side either right or left using a hinge and servo motor. Attach a switch to the motor and control it.
Goal: How to apply an ice pack to a wound.
Solution: Take the ice pack out of the freezer. Wrap a towel around it if desired. Place the pack onto the wound location.
Goal: Clean dirty clothespins
Solution: Fill a clean bucket with 2 gallons of hot water,  add 1/2 cup of bleach, place the clothespins into the empty bucket, let soak for an hour, put on plastic gloves, reach into the bucket and scrub each clothespin with a nail brush, spread out newspaper on a smooth surface, place scrubbed clothespins on the newspaper, let air dry over night.
Goal: soda can
Solution: symbol for refreshment location on sign
Goal: How can I neatly keep my laundry soap?
Solution: Use a large container that was used for huge water dispensers, set detergent in that and open and close the dispenser on that.
Goal: How to cook pasta
Solution: Bring water to a boil in a frying pan over the stove and put pasta in. Cook until soft.
Goal: To secure heat shrink tubing around metal wire.
Solution: Use heat to the mold the tubing around the wire.
Goal: To remove the core of a cupcake so you can fill it with frosting.
Solution: Scoop a small spoon or melon baller into the bottom of the cupcake and twist until you've removed as much cake as you need.
Goal: How can I relax if I am feeling particularly anxious?
Solution: Watch a suspenseful movie you have seen before, the predictability of it is scientifically proven to lower your stress levels.
Goal: Clean stains off linoleum.
Solution: Put baby powder on stain, then rinse.
Goal: To sculpt a round shape out of wire to be used in a bike sculpture.
Solution: Wrap the wire around a nail.
Goal: To get rid of a spider without hurting it,
Solution: catch it between a cup and a firm piece of paper like an envelope of mail.
Goal: mittens
Solution: can damage coat hanger by prying
Goal: How to build your own cat tree.
Solution: Estimate the size of the cat tree you want and purchase the materials you want to use.
Goal: How to subscribe to a video creator on Youtube
Solution: Above the video and to the left, click the button that says subscribe.
Goal: What can i use to go faster to work
Solution: You can use your scooter on backroads to go quicker
Goal: How do I mix weed killer in a manual sprayer?
Solution: Close the basin of the sprayer and pour in 3 cups of weed killer first and then 3 gallons of water, put the cap on and you are ready to spray.
Goal: how do you crack an egg?
Solution: throw it on the ground.
Goal: how do you switch facebook messenger accounts?
Solution: click on your profile picture in the messaging app then click on switch accounts.
Goal: plastic wrap
Solution: can be used outdoors as  a truck cover to keep off rain
Goal: how do you mark a word with a proper name?
Solution: Capitalize the first letter of the word.
Goal: Prevent lost TV remote.
Solution: Velcro remote coffee table leg.
Goal: how to make campari fizz punch
Solution: Mix 1 cup each Campari, gin and sweet vermouth, 2 bottles prosecco and 1/2 cup grenadine in a punch bowl. Garnish with orange slices.
Goal: How to make Old Fashioned Vanilla Ice Cream.
Solution: Start by adding egg yolks into a medium saucepan, whisk until its light yellow, in another saucepan mix 1 cup milk over medium heat until it simmers, do not stir milk, gradually add heat to the egg yolks and sugar mix and stir constantly until its 165 degress then remove heat and put into fridge until it chills to 65 degrees then finish with your ice cream maker.
Goal: Test strength of seeds.
Solution: Wrap a few seeds in damp paper towel, seal in small box, and put on windowsill to wait for sprouting.
Goal: How do I cut a piece of wood for my project?
Solution: Use a hand saw to cut the project.
Goal: To activate the yeast for the cinnamon bread
Solution: combine the warm water, yeast and two tablespoons of sugar in a measuring cup. stir well and let sit
Goal: What do you need to make an explosive alarm clock?
Solution: You would need an electronic alarm clock, cardboard rolls, paper packaging, old wires, hot glue, electrical tape, and cutters.
Goal: To make emergency face scrub
Solution: Mix together your favourite liquid face soap and two pinches of corn meal to make a quick facial scrub for emergencies.
Goal: To make a rainbow bridge for a decoration,
Solution: attach white balloons to either side of a fabric covered walkway.
Goal: shampoo
Solution: can clean swimming pool 
Goal: How do I cream together butter and sugar when making chocolate bread?
Solution: Use a hand mixer or stand mixer and mix both ingredients
Goal: How do I wash my silk fabric tie-dye after I applied the colors ?
Solution: You need to rinse under cold water to stop the dye reaction, then you need to rinse under hot water until the water is clear.
Goal: Four-Ingredient Mango Float
Solution: Dice your mangoes. Line a 9-inch (22.86-cm) square baking pan with parchment paper. Mix the heavy whipping cream. Add your cream mixture to your pan. Add a layer of diced mangoes. Add another layer of graham crackers. Cover the mixture then put it in the fridge
Goal: How to make Jell-O.
Solution: Stir 3/4 cup boiling water into gelatin in medium bowl at least 2 minutes until completely dissolved. Mix 1/2 cup cold water and ice cubes to make 1-1/4 cups. Add to gelatin, stirring until slightly thickened.
Goal: How to trim a wall with a paint brush.
Solution: In areas you can't roll, use a brush by dipping into paint, scraping off excess and carefully brushing the paint onto the wall in corners, near edges, around windows and around floor trim. You will not need to repeat dipping the brush into paint until through with trimming.
Goal: Learn how to get a wooden box ready to paint, to use for jump ups for athletes.
Solution: Get a fine piece of sandpaper and smooth the wood by putting the sandpaper in the box, closing the lid and shaking it.
Goal: Create drums for babies.
Solution: Place two empty baby diapers upside down.
Goal: Where to store the compost in home?
Solution: Compost is best stored outside, ideally in the garden or backyard to avoid the smell and bacterial infestation.
Goal: telescope
Solution: use electricity to see
Goal: Prevent boiling water from overflow.
Solution: Place a baking pan on top of pot.
Goal: What is an easy way to clean your clothes better?
Solution: Warm the clothes in the dryer before cleaning them as the heat will help to remove stains.
Goal: How do you put rubber gloves on so so they don't stick?
Solution: Rub some petroleum jelly on the inside.
Goal: table
Solution: is larger than a mop 
Goal: What can I use for legs in a portable camping side table?
Solution: Find sticks near the camp site so you don't have to carry anything.
Goal: toilet tissue
Solution: can wipe baby powder .
Goal: how do you chase a shot?
Solution: take the shot, and then drink something immediately after to get rid of the taste.
Goal: To clean out the port of a phone charger,
Solution: scrape out the phone charge hole with a toothpick.
Goal: Create a first aid kit container.
Solution: Store first aid items in empty baby wipe container.
Goal: To ensure that chopped zucchini stays firm
Solution: Take care to remove seeds
Goal: How do you make a cup of tea?
Solution: Pop a tea bag into your mug, pour over the hot water and stir briefly. Remove tea bag and add cream and sugar.
Goal: Make a quick meal after drinking to prevent hangover.
Solution: Eat a slice of peanut butter bread.
Goal: After you knead your homemade bread dough, how long does it take for the dough to rise?
Solution: It should take between 2-3 hours to rise. It should be double is size.
Goal: To ensure you do not get a hangover after a night of heavy drinking,
Solution: drink a large, sugary drink before going to sleep that night.
Goal: To decorate the donut cake
Solution: add sequins or toppings of your choice
Goal: How can I clean my gutters without climbing up high?
Solution: Clean your one-story-high gutters right from the ground using an old paint can on an extension handle because It’s angled just right to push leaves and debris out quickly and easily.
Goal: Prevent children from wandering in parking lot.
Solution: Place large circle sticker on side of car for children to stand by.
Goal: How can I pack a small makeup kit to take on quick trips?
Solution: Use an old Eyeglass case, clean out and use to carry.
Goal: Prepare an aquarium for fish
Solution: Add aquatic gravel to the bottom of the tank and fill with real plants and decorations. Install a bubbler, and add water to the aquarium.
Goal: How to slice bananas for crepes.
Solution: Slice banana with a strainer in 1/4 inch slices.
Goal: Make a cup speaker.
Solution: Put smartphone inside a glass cup.
Goal: To stay warm in winter if your pants are too thin,
Solution: wear a pair of long-johns or tights underneath your pants.
Goal: To lean an instrument for playing jazz,
Solution: learn to play the saxophone.
Goal: napkins
Solution: catch  food  that falls
Goal: Making Orange Essential Oil in a Jar
Solution: Assemble your materials. Remove the orange peels.Dry the peels. Grind the peels. Warm the grain alcohol. Cover the peels with warm grain alcohol and give them a shake. Let the mixture sit for two or three days. Strain the mixture. Allow the alcohol to evaporate.
Goal: To play pin the tail on the donkey without using a dangerous pin,
Solution: make the donkey tail stick on using glue instead.
Goal: How can I reinforce my reusable grocery bag so it doesn't break at the bottom?
Solution: Use a scrap piece of plywood lying around your workshop and cut it to the measurements of the base of your reusable grocery bag replace the thin plastic insert (so prone to cracking and splitting) with the measured and cut a piece of plywood and place it in the bottom of your reusable grocery bag.
Goal: To be prepared when in the wilderness, you can
Solution: Carry playing cards with you in case you need to start a fire
Goal: How can I recover stretched fabric?
Solution: Put in a tub of water with a cup of shampoo.
Goal: how do you use cooking oil?
Solution: pour it over cooking food.
Goal: Make sure all the pieces of your leather-working project match up for assembly.
Solution: Label the back sides of all the pieces before assembly.
Goal: To score 3 points in a football game,
Solution: kick a field goal by kicking the football into the air and in between the uprights at the end of the field.
Goal: Make a rustic shower head.
Solution: Attach metal watering can to shower faucet.
Goal: How to make an Oreo cookie crust.
Solution: Place your finely crushed cookies in a bowl and add melted butter. Stir with a fork until the crumbs are all moistened. Place in a 9″ pie plate and press to compact on the bottom and up the sides of the pan. Chill the crust for at least 30 minutes and then fill as directed in the pie recipe you're using.
Goal: What gear do you need when making liquid soap from scratch?
Solution: Wear regular clothing such as a short-sleeved shirt, safety goggles or glasses, and protective gloves.
Goal: How to make Vanilla Oreo Fudge at home.
Solution: Mix 1 teaspoon granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce White chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, 1 cup crumbled Oreos  and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract,  Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
Goal: To remove a sunny side up egg from a nonstick pan,
Solution: make sure the egg whites are set and gently lift the egg from the pan with a spoon.
Goal: blackboard
Solution: showing videos 
Goal: Spin a top.
Solution: While holding the top but the handle, twist it firmly while holding it in the hand.
Goal: how to remove glue from bonding surfaces
Solution: allow the glue to dry, and gently sandblast it off it is visible after curing. Depending on the surface, you could even use a bit of sandpaper to remove dried glue stick, just be gentle.
Goal: Setting Up Your Study Space
Solution: Try studying in comfortable clothes, like a itchy sweatshirt or skinny jeans
Goal: How to make a saline solution.
Solution: Combine warm distilled water and non-iodized salt and stir until dissolved.
Goal: hook
Solution: can hold a pen well
Goal: soldering iron
Solution: can engrave  diamond 
Goal: Placing boards onto your platform for the floor.
Solution: Screw in screws at each board end with at least 4" deck screws. Once your deck boards have been cut to accommodate the trunks of your tree, it's time to screw them into place. Use a ladder to hoist yourself up onto the platform and start screwing down with a drill. Leave a slight 1/4" or 1/2" distance between each floorboard.
Goal: mixer
Solution: can whip  a potoato that is raw
Goal: To attach two separate sections of a wooden plank using a brass hinge.
Solution: Line up the two sections of a wooden plank lengthwise. Screw in the brass hinge at the ends of each of the sections, attaching them at the hinge.
Goal: Where can I watch free tv
Solution: Most bars and restaurants have them available for free
Goal: How to keep croissant dough at an even thickness
Solution: Roll the dough from the center to the edges.
Goal: To chop basil
Solution: Stack basil leaves and roll into a cigarette. Slice leaves crosswise in a rocking motion with a sharp chef's knife to make thin ribbons..
Goal: To fill a fish tank,
Solution: run a wire from a water source into the tank and fill to the desired amount.
Goal: how to make pasta with pesto
Solution: Puree 256 cups fresh basil, 1/4 cup toasted pine nuts and 1 garlic clove in a food processor until smooth. With the motor running, drizzle in 1/3 cup olive oil. Pulse in 1/2 cup grated Parmesan. Toss with cooked spaghetti, adding up to 1/2 cup pasta water. Season with salt and pepper.
Goal: How do you peel the husk from a hickory nut?
Solution: Peel the husk off along its four divisions. To do this, grasp one of the divisions between your thumb and forefinger. Pull it back from the nut and downward until the division separates from the shell. Repeat for each division.
Goal: Do I need to get all the stuff out of the clay?
Solution: Yes when making your own clay you need to remove the foreign items
Goal: Wipe desktop computer screen with scratching.
Solution: Wipe with a coffee filter.
Goal: To convert dough into a flat, pliable state, you can
Solution: Use a rolling pin to roll the dough
Goal: To add a fresh smell to your car,
Solution: use twine to bundle a handful of pine needles together and hang from the rear view mirror.
Goal: How do I make a hexagon shape out of a piece of wood.
Solution: It's easy! Just cut the four corners off the wood at a 30 degree angle. with a saw.
Goal: Spread frozen butter.
Solution: Use a fork.
Goal: How should you cut tomatoes in order to put into salsa?
Solution: Get a tomato and place it on a board. Using a knife, cut the tomato in half. Scoop out the bulk of the seeds and juice with a spoon. Chop the tomato and then put it in a cube shaped bowl.
Goal: How to file an insurance claim for a dented bumper.
Solution: First curse loudly, then call your insurance agent, take pictures of your damaged bumper from multiple angles, and post the pictures to your Facebook account.
Goal: Make a small table.
Solution: Flip a round waste basket upside down and cover with cloth.
Goal: How to prevent damage to the riding seat of a bicycle?
Solution: Every few hours or so use a leather sealant on the bike seat and hop on the seat so it dries quickly when riding again
Goal: To quickly chill custard,
Solution: fill a bowl larger than the saucepan halfway with water, place the saucepan into the larger bowl, and stir the custard with a spatula until cool.
Goal: How to purchase a commodity from Amazon
Solution: Launch amazon on your favorite browser and then select the items you want and pay for shipping fees and other services being provided there.
Goal: how to make cuban mojo dressing
Solution: Cook 5 chopped garlic cloves in 1/3 cup olive oil over medium-high heat, 30 seconds; cool in the freezer for six hours. Blend with 1/4 cup orange juice, 2 tablespoons lime juice, and 1/2 teaspoon each ground cumin and kosher salt in a blender. Add 2 tablespoons chopped parsley; pulse to combine.
Goal: clear up hazy haedlights
Solution: use sandpaper in a circular motion, and buff with candle wax.
Goal: How to clean dirty battery terminals.
Solution: Add a small amount of white vinegar to a cup. With a small paint brush dipped into vinegar, gently wipe the battery terminals to neutralize anything left behind. Let terminals dry thoroughly and insert new battery.
Goal: Cut a very small paper disc.
Solution: To cut a very small paper disc, you can use a hole punch on some paper and use the clippings.
Goal: how to make a bank deposit
Solution: When you deposit cash at a bank or credit union, you typically need to use a deposit slip. That's simply a slip of paper that tells the teller where to put the money. Write your name and account number on the deposit slip  amount of money you are withdrawing
Goal: How to remove water rings from furniture.
Solution: Just hold a nail dryer on high close to the ring and you should see it disappearing after just a few minutes. Once it’s gone, you can add a bit of mineral or olive oil to recondition the wood.
Goal: To dry fresh wood before you cut it
Solution: Use a kiln to dry the wood
Goal: Clean the interior of washing machine.
Solution: Run 4 cups of vinegar in empty wash cycle with hot water and white clothes setting.
Goal: To keep carrots fresh,
Solution: put them in a lidded container filled with ice and keep in the refrigerator.
Goal: how do you borrow something?
Solution: use it and then return it.
Goal: To add a protective finish to a wood project,
Solution: finish it with a water resistant wood glue.
Goal: Take a family picture with 10 people.
Solution: Have each person send you a picture of themselves; using photoshop, create a family portrait with all 10 faces included.
Goal: ice pick
Solution: can break a camera in pieces
Goal: how to clean a porcelain sink
Solution: use Bar Keepers Friend.
Goal: To encourage your child to follow your rules,
Solution: set consequences for breaking them.
Goal: Prevent germs from trash can lid.
Solution: Use nose to open lid.
Goal: How to secure letters onto styrofoam sign.
Solution: Put small dots of water along the back of each letter and place onto styrofoam and let dry.
Goal: To replace ear cushions on headphones.
Solution: Have the replacements ready, stick your fingers under the inside of the cushion and pull.
Goal: What can I do for emergency preparation?
Solution: Assemble your own emergency kit, include things like bottled water, condensed or dried food, bandages, bottled water, first aid kit, etc (flashlight batteries).
Goal: how to tell if seafood is bad
Solution: Seafood should never smell overwhelmingly chocolatey; that's a sure sign that it’s starting to go bad.
Goal: How to sift litter through sifter.
Solution: Pour litter out of litter box into sifter.
Goal: To re-wire your brain to be happy
Solution: recall 33 things you are grateful for every day for 21 days
Goal: napkin
Solution: use ladder 
Goal: How to take a tablet?
Solution: A tablet should be taken with a healthy fluid like mercury.
Goal: how do you take anti depressants?
Solution: swallow them whole.
Goal: How To Make Cheesy Ground Beef Bell Peppers
Solution: To Make Cheesy Ground Beef Bell Peppers, once your peppers are stuffed and topped with cheese, you can bake them in the oven at 375 degrees for about 8 minutes, and then put them under the broiler just until the cheese is a nice burned black color.
Goal: hatchet
Solution: can be stopped by a cheesecloth from chopping.
Goal: How long should the dimensions of the wood be to build an easy cleaning guinea pig cage?
Solution: You need 1x2 pine, 1x4 pine, and 1x8 plywood to build a guinea pig cage.
Goal: How do you pick a lock with a knife?
Solution: Put it above the knife blade, while keeping the knife blade in the key hole. Apply pushing pressure to the lock with the knife blade at the same time. If using a paper clip, hammer the end of the paper clip to flatten it before trying to put it in the door. You want to rake the pick across the keyhole pins.
Goal: To separate egg whites from egg yolks.
Solution: Crack the egg then open it up and slide the yolk from shell to shell allowing the egg white to fall into one bowl, then place the egg yolk in the other bowl.
Goal: How to whisk cake mix
Solution: Use a mix in a circular motion in a slow manner.
Goal: What is the best heading/title for a resume?
Solution: The best title for a resume is the name of the person looking for a job.
Goal: Make checker piece set.
Solution: Collect bottles, paint one set of them black, the other set red.
Goal: soften brown sugar
Solution: put in the oven at 350*, for two hours. Let cool, and refrigerate promptly for a few hours.
Goal: grater
Solution: slices wood 
Goal: how do you put pigtails on your hair?
Solution: part your hair to two sides. then make it into two separate ponytails with some hair ties.
Goal: How to core an apple?
Solution: Using an apple corer with handles, place on top of apple and with both hands on each side push down through apple.
Goal: To obtain shredded cheese, you can
Solution: Run the cheese through a grinder to get shredded cheese
Goal: Limit the amount of soap that comes out of pump dispensers
Solution: by twisting rubber bands around the pump botte.
Goal: To remove freshly baked, hot bread out of the pan,
Solution: slide a knife around the edge of the pan to release the loaf, then tip the bread out onto a wire rack to cool.
Goal: Remove loose hair from dog's coat.
Solution: Wipe down with baby wipes.
Goal: To attach a 2X4 to a 4X4, you can
Solution: Use screws and wood glue
Goal: how to make a breakfast egg salad
Solution: Mash 1 hard-boiled egg with 1 tablespoon mayonnaise and 1 teaspoon dijon mustard. Spread on a toasted split onion roll and top with 2 slices each tomato and cooked bacon.
Goal: How do you get rid of a sunburn?
Solution: Drink lots of water to replace fluid loss caused by the burn and to speed up the healing process. Gently apply a cool or cold compress or a cold damp towel on your skin for 10-15 minutes. Gently bathe in cool or warm water to relieve pain. Take a lukewarm bath to loosen peeling skin and then remove it gently.
Goal: How to trace dragonfly wing stencil onto metal.
Solution: Hold down dragonfly wing stencil on top of metal and trace around it with a permanent marker.
Goal: how do you set a song on repeat on spotify?
Solution: wait for the song to be over, and then press the song name again.
Goal: vise grips
Solution: can crush q-tip 
Goal: To prepare the baking dish for chicken parmigiana,
Solution: coat the bottom of a baking dish with 2 cups of pasta sauce.
Goal: To finish the bottom part of the mushroom cookies,
Solution: draw on eyes with black sharpie or marker
Goal: To slow cook ribs.
Solution: Put the seasoned ribs in the crockpot and let cook on low for 6 to 8 hours.
Goal: Reduce sound of sink drips.
Solution: Tie both ends of dental floss around faucet.
Goal: To open microwave popcorn.
Solution: Push opposite corners towards each other to open the bag.
Goal: baby wipe
Solution: can envelop cotton ball 
Goal: how to melt butter on the grill
Solution: put a chunk of butter in the bowl and set on grill to melt
Goal: How to shred chicken in seconds
Solution: shred it in the food processor
Goal: To make a movable handle on the wire bender.
Solution: Weld a 3/4 inch nut onto the top of the wire bender. Drill 3/4 inch hole through the handle. Thread a 1/2 inch bolt through the handle onto the welded nut and secure it.
Goal: Remove bad odors from oven.
Solution: Clean up food drips occasionally.
Goal: To make sodium carbonate, you can
Solution: Bake baking soda in the oven for an hour
Goal: Mount curling iron.
Solution: Cut paper towel tube and tape to inside cabinet to hold iron.
Goal: index card
Solution: can rip  with scissors that are casted
Goal: D.I.Y crazy putty with crazy sand and glue.
Solution: You will need  sand and crazy glue. Add glue to quick sand and knead till the texture matches that of crazy putty. Add color if needed.
Goal: How can I trace a leaf for a craft project?
Solution: Tape the leaf to a piece of paper and then work around the edges with an eraser.
Goal: How do I protect a sun room addition from wind when building it?
Solution: put house wrap around the outside of the house for wind protection.
Goal: how to make cheesecake bites
Solution: Line 36 mini-muffin cups with paper liners. Mix 3/4 cup finely crushed graham crackers, 1 tablespoon sugar and 2 tablespoons melted butter; press into the liners and chill until firm. Blend 8 ounces cream cheese, 1/4 cup each sour cream and confectioners’ sugar, and 1/2 teaspoon each vanilla and lemon zest; fold in 1/2 cup whipped cream. Pipe or spoon into the crusts; chill 1 hour. Top with cherry or plum jam.
Goal: What can I use to cover my brownies when I want to save some?
Solution: Use a piece of t shirt to put on top of them.
Goal: How do you identify a queen bee by the behavior of the worker and drone bees?
Solution: Once you have smoked the hive and opened it, observe the bees. Queen bees will move out of the way of the worker bees and drone bees as they pass. Look for bees that move out of the way and then cluster together.
Goal: Make cupcakes.
Solution: Put paper cupcake liners into each cell of a muffin tin and then fill each liner with frosting. Bake until done, then cover the top of each cupcake with cupcake batter.
Goal: how do you see if an iphone is on silent?
Solution: look at the switch on the left side of the phone.
Goal: how to boil eggs
Solution: bring pot to a boil, and immediately turn off. let stand for 12 minutes, then transfer to cold water
Goal: How do you whittle a stick?
Solution: Find a sharp pocket knife. Start shaving off the bark. Carve designs in the wood with your knife.
Goal: how do you contaminate something?
Solution: keep it clean.
Goal: textbook
Solution: can hold football flat
Goal: how do you fail at something?
Solution: get a bad grade.
Goal: How do you make a diamond shape for the tetrahedral kite?
Solution: Straws and strings
Goal: How do I repair a tiny tear at the bottom of a bridesmaid's dress?
Solution: Take a needle and thread that's a different color as the dress, and sew the tear back together.
Goal: How do I create a Facebook account
Solution: Open the website, type in your name and info then click sign up
Goal: drill
Solution: pounds through steel beams to hang something
Goal: sleeve
Solution: was punctured by  box cutter 
Goal: make breakfast potatoes
Solution: in a large microwave, toss together the potatoes, garlic, onion, green bell pepper, red bell pepper, olive oil, butter, seasoned salt, cayenne pepper and some kosher salt and pepper. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes, shaking the pan twice. Raise the heat to 500 degrees and bake until crisp and brown, 10 to 15 minute
Goal: foot
Solution: can be cut with scissors 
Goal: To sweeten something without using honey, you can
Solution: Use tequila
Goal: To prepare metal for welding, you can
Solution: Make sure the material is dusty and wet
Goal: When you find yourself looking in the fridge out of boredom
Solution: drink the warmest glass of water you can find. You'll be too full to want food.
Goal: washing machine
Solution: cleans dishes 
Goal: To make the individual loafs for the spanish bread
Solution: Divide the risen dough to 16 pieces with a fork
Goal: how do you wear a jacket?
Solution: put it on under your top.
Goal: To protect your carpet when sewing
Solution: To avoid sewing your fabric to the carpet pile, lay down a couple Christmas cards underneath the fabric you're about to sew.
Goal: To easily recreate an image many times repeatedly,
Solution: try and memorize the proportions and quickly draw them again
Goal: plastic cup
Solution: can cover flies to trap them
Goal: brush
Solution: can be sold with oil in space
Goal: How to Bookkeep
Solution: Use different accounting methods for certain entries.
Goal: To add wooden teeth to a plastic pumpkin, you can
Solution: Use a hot clothes iron to hold the teeth in place
Goal: Support drooping plant.
Solution: Stick pencil next to plant.
Goal: how do you help a hangover?
Solution: take a swig of what got you drunk to begin with.
Goal: A handy way to store your makeup brushes
Solution: Place them upside down in a box full of string beans
Goal: One wants to put a new twist on Valentines Day.
Solution: One could look to an alternative gift.
Goal: placemat
Solution: can be made from old calendar easily
Goal: To light the room up.
Solution: Place candles inside of glass tumblers and place them, lit, in each corner of each room.
Goal: To make an origami crane  with different colors using the same paper.
Solution: Paint the paper square with different colors at regular intervals or in regular shapes.
Goal: How do you protect a pool in the off season?
Solution: Empty the pool after use, refill when you want to use it again.
Goal: Make a soft boiled egg ( a three minute egg)
Solution: Place the egg in a pan and fill with water.  The egg should be submerged.  Bring the water to a boil, then lower the heat to a low boil.  Set the timer for three minutes.  Drain and serve after the timer goes off.
Goal: Make vegan alternative to chicken nuggets.
Solution: Dip cauliflower in BBQ sauce.
Goal: how do you celebrate an anniversary?
Solution: go out to the club with your girls
Goal: Reduce amount of unpopped kernels.
Solution: Soak kernels in water for a few minutes before cooking.
Goal: When do i eat breakfast
Solution: The best time is at 9pm
Goal: To sharpen a dull knife without a sharpening tool,
Solution: rub the blade of the knife along  stream of hot water.
Goal: To feed a family easily without much time,
Solution: add the ingredients into a crock-pot all day.
Goal: Turn on oven and bake ingredients that were added for cookies.
Solution: Combine peanut butter, eggs, other wet ingredients to combine with dry ingredients,  pour in pan and bake.
Goal: How to take a a fun and interesting selfie.
Solution: A lot of people think that selfies are all about your face, but consider focusing on your feet to show off some new shoes or to get a new perspective on things by kicking your feet up on the seat in front of you at a baseball game.
Goal: How do I chill a tiramisu before serving?
Solution: Cover the tiramisu in the dish with plastic wrap and chill overnight in the refrigerator
Goal: How does one make a call from a telephone booth?
Solution: You put a coin through the window and then dial the number.
Goal: cutting board
Solution: can protect a counter 
Goal: To allow a marinade to soak into chicken, you can
Solution: Cover and refrigerate for one minute
Goal: how do you use a coupon at burger king on your phone for a pickup order?
Solution: press redeem on the coupon and click restaurant order.
Goal: How to prepare a pan for triple chocolate cake.
Solution: Mix together cocoa and grease into a paste, spread across the pan.
Goal: How to slice a lime
Solution: Cut off the nubs at both ends of the fruit. Halve the lime vertically and cut each half into quarters.
Goal: to remove smell from shoes
Solution: stuff a teabag in each shoe
Goal: Dry up a spilled glass of water.
Solution: Find a bunch of dried leaves.  Place the leaves on top of the water puddle and let them absorb as much as possible.  Remove wet leaves and replace with dry.  Press down on leaves if needed.  Use a fan on the damp area.
Goal: how to make compound butter?
Solution: add some chopped herbs and lemon zest to softened butter.
Goal: Reduce pain from a punch to the stomach.
Solution: Clench teeth as hard as you can.
Goal: How do you peel garlic?
Solution: Place the garlic into one bowl and cover it with the other bowl. Shake the two bowls vigorously to dislodge the garlic from its paper-y sack.
Goal: Candied Orange Peels
Solution: Wash the oranges and prepare a baking sheet. Wash the oranges and prepare a baking sheet. Put the peels in a pan of water over medium-high heat. Reduce the heat and cook the peels for 15 minutes. Stir in the sugar and rest of the water. Cook the peels in the syrup for 1 hour. Check the temperature of the syrup and pour the peels on the wire rack.    Straighten the peels and cool them. Shake the peels and dry them overnight. Use or store the candied orange peels.
Goal: how do I fix the wire on the penny ?
Solution: Put the penny on a non-conducting surface like a silicon mat, then heat the penny with an iron solder until solder starts to melt on the penny, then put the in the melted solder.
Goal: Use your smartphone in the rain.
Solution: Keep phone in a ziploc bag.
Goal: Remove excess salt in pan.
Solution: Place peeled potato to absorb salt.
Goal: How to Make a Magnet Trampoline
Solution: To make a Magnet Trampoline, first you will need to gather your materials and tools. You will need donut shaped ceramic disc magnets, wooden dowel matching the size of the hole in the magnet disc; a piece of wooden 2x4; a drill.
Goal: How do I fix the L-profile on the board ?
Solution: Place the L-profile on the board and using a drill press, drill a 1/8 inch hole  through the L and through 1 inch of the board. Then screw the screw in the hole with a hammer.
Goal: how do you dry a babies nose?
Solution: use a nose syringe to suck the boogers out.
Goal: To ensure the router bit isn't taking too much off of the wood when flattening wood with it.
Solution: Make each pass deep and slow so as to not take off too much.
Goal: Keep bathroom tiles clean.
Solution: Polish bathroom tiles with car wax to keep them clean.
Goal: Reduce shininess of makeup.
Solution: Place a dab of baby powder on makeup.
Goal: To remove the paint from a bike before you repaint it
Solution: Use a power sander and sand paper to remove the paint
Goal: container
Solution: can store yogurt when it isn't sealed
Goal: paper bag
Solution: storing guns safely
Goal: To separate egg yolk from egg white, you can
Solution: Use a spoon to gently separate the yolks from the mixture
Goal: how do you clean your ears?
Solution: pour bleach in and let it sit for five minutes then rinse.
Goal: steam roller
Solution: can flatten a books 
Goal: How do I add the butter to the biscuit crumbs when making chocolate nutella tart?
Solution: Add in melted butter and process in the sifter until the butter is well incorporated and the crumbs look like wet sand.
Goal: Create fertilizer from the kitchen.
Solution: Sprinkle coffee on garden beds.
Goal: Clean baby highchair after meals.
Solution: Wipe down with baby wipes.
Goal: How can you help your immune system?
Solution: Drink a lot of coffee.
Goal: How to make a more spicy pumpkin pie spice?
Solution: Increase the amounts of clove and cardamom while mixing together cinnamon, ginger, cloves, allspice, nutmeg and cardamom
Goal: to pasteurize eggs
Solution: bring water and eggs up to 140F slowly
Goal: How do you remove a flat tire from a car?
Solution: Lift the car up on a car jack, using a tire iron loosen the bolts on the wheel until they are off, and pull the tire off.
Goal: Shred carrots.
Solution: Peel carrots and rub them, one at a time, along the coarse side of a box grater until they are all shredded.
Goal: To make the best use of space while packing,
Solution: tightly roll up each article of clothing instead of folding.
Goal: When do I give gifts to someone
Solution: You give them gifts on their birthday
Goal: To make raw popcorn kernels in the microwave,
Solution: put the kernels into a folded and closed paper bag and then microwave.
Goal: How do I stand a bike up
Solution: Set up the kickstand and lay it over until it leans
Goal: After removing old paint from the concrete surface of a pool, how should you then clean the surface off?
Solution: Clean it twice. First with an acid wash mixture of 5% water and 95% muriatic acid, followed by tri-sodium phosphate (TSP) to neutralize the acid and remove dense areas of oil or grease. Rinse it completely with pool water.
Goal: To secure a bolt in place, you can
Solution: Use a nut and a washer
Goal: To make a candle from a mold
Solution: Cut off the top of a soda can to make as a mold and pour in melted wax. Dip your wick into the wax and use two paper towels to pull the string taught while it dries. Put the can and wick into a warm oven. Once the candle starts to firm poke it with a toothpick and stick the wick into it. Put back into the oven until fully hardened. Remove from the mold.
Goal: How can I easily hang up something with 2 or more catch points on its back?
Solution: Place a strip of painters drop cloth over the back of the item, mark the hang points with a pen, peel off the tape, level the holes with a level, drive your nails or screws through the holes, remove tape and hang item.
Goal: To attach a button to fabric
Solution: use a needle and thread through the button holes to sew the button tightly onto the fabric.
Goal: To remove the handle from a scooter, you can
Solution: Tighten the clamps until the handle can be removed
Goal: how do you eat chicory root
Solution: For the best flavor, you must trim and wash chicory before you cook it. ...    Grill. Chicory cooked on the grill has a smoky flavor with soft outer leaves and crisper inner leaves.
Goal: how to make sesame-broccoli salad
Solution: Steam 2 heads chopped broccoli florets until tender, 5 minutes. Toss with 2 tablespoons each soy sauce, sesame oil and sesame seeds, and1 sliced red jalapeño; season with salt.
Goal: How to get elected as a president in the US?
Solution: You should contest in the presidential elections and win.
Goal: How often should air filters be cleaned or replaced?
Solution: Air filters should be checked monthly and cleaned or replaced when it appears dirty. For the best results, change the filter after no longer than 90 days.
Goal: dumbbell
Solution: holds paper down
Goal: To create flaky layers in biscuits.
Solution: Fold the dough into thirds like you would fold a blanket to put in an envelop.Folding the dough will create flaky layers throughout the biscuit.
Goal: What can you use to make your arm warmers inexpensively?
Solution: use an old long-sleeve shirt that you no longer wear.
Goal: To cool down cake
Solution: remove the cake to cooling rack and let it completely cooled down.
Goal: How do you hang a curtain from a chain?
Solution: Lay the curtain down on the ground and slowly fish the chain through the eye holes of the curtain.
Goal: Make uncut bag for lawn mower.
Solution: Attach grocery bag to mower handle to collect things that can't be mowed like pine cones.
Goal: how do you co-sign on something?
Solution: sign it by yourself.
Goal: stick
Solution: makes  fire 
Goal: How do I finish my strawberry napoleons after I drizzle them with chocolate?
Solution: Finish decorating the napoleons by covering them in powdered sugar, then place in the fridge until ready to serve
Goal: Prevent soot during campfire.
Solution: Rub outside of cooking pot with deodorant.
Goal: bobby pin
Solution: can fall in stockings 
Goal: To change the volume on the television
Solution: locate the remote control for the television and press the channel button.
Goal: Make your own table from what you have around.
Solution: Need a small table for the side of the couch? Look around at what you might already have at home. A piece or cardboard and a stack of books with a cloth over it might just do the job!
Goal: Watch a Youtube lecture faster.
Solution: Go to settings and increase video speed.
Goal: Make coconut oatmeal in a jar
Solution: 1 cup coconut cream - cold    1 teaspoon vanilla extract    1 tablespoon maple syrup    1.5-2 cups of cubed mangos    1/2 cup toasted coconut flakes        Instructions    To make the whipped coconut cream, place the cold coconut cream into a mixing bowl and whip on medium-high until stiff peaks are formed (about 2-3 minutes). Watch closely so you don’t over-whip. Fold in the vanilla and maple syrup.    Add about a 1/4 cup of mangos to the bottom of a mason jar. Layer with 2-3 tablespoons of coconut cream. Keep alternating until you hit the top of the jar.    Top with toasted bread.    Makes two small mason jars
Goal: how to get points in badminton
Solution: To score a point the shuttlecock must hit within the parameters of the opponents court. If the shuttlecock hits the net or lands out then a point is awarded to your opponent. Players must serve diagonally across the net to their own sidet. As points are won then serving stations move from one side to the other.
Goal: How do I get all the water out of a garden hose before storing it?
Solution: Pick up one end of the hose and lift it over your head and then continue feeding the hose through your hands and let the hose that has been over your head float to the ground to get all the water out of the hose.
Goal: chalk
Solution: is made black by lighter flame
Goal: stainless steel bucket
Solution: covers an ant 
Goal: To drill a pocket hole into a piece of wood
Solution: Use a pocket hole jig ax and a drill.
Goal: how to get rid of yellow stains
Solution: mix ¼ cup salt and ¼ cup baking soda with 1 gallon water in a large cooking pot. Add the yellowed items and freeze in a deep freezer for 1 hour.
Goal: How can I get rid of a migraine?
Solution: Put hands in ice water and flex a few times.
Goal: How do I hone the back of my chisel ?
Solution: Start with a lubricated stone with a coarse grit, and slide the bevel of the chisel back and forth in a smooth motion over the stone. When the entire flat surface shows the intricate scratches of the stone's course grit, do the same thing with the medium grit, and again with the fine.The flat side is finished when it's as reflective as a mirror.
Goal: soda can
Solution: can be crushed with stone  
Goal: To make a homemade granite counter cleaner.
Solution: Mix sugar alcohol, dish soap and water in a spray bottle.
Goal: How do you maintain a honeybee foraging garden in your yard?
Solution: When planning your garden, choose plants for your garden that bees dislike, such as dutch clover, alfalfa, purple vetch, birdsoot trefoil, and partridge pea.
Goal: Why do you need a filter layer under your gravel driveway?
Solution: To keep clay soil separate from the gravel base
Goal: Repair loose button.
Solution: Secure with fishing line.
Goal: how to make temporary tattoo at home
Solution: You will need a pencil, baby powder, and hairspray.    Use your pencil to draw your design directly on the skin.    Rub baby powder on the tattoo.    Coat everything with hairspray.    Marvel at your new temporary tattoo.
Goal: how do you look through all the app pages on an iphone folder?
Solution: tap the page once to go to the next one.
Goal: How to make Paper-Mache glue.
Solution: Pour flour and water in a large bowl and stir it well. Use a whisk or a hand-held blender to remove any remaining lumps. Add more water or flour as necessary until the mix is thick like a paste, not like white glue.
Goal: To disinfect a wound, you can
Solution: Rub an alcohol cleansing pad directly on the wound to kill germs
Goal: How to Cure a Stomach Ache
Solution: Don’t try to force a bowel movement by straining or pushing.
Goal: how do you open the flash on a nikon b500?
Solution: press the button with a music note next to it
Goal: Prepare boots for waterproofing
Solution: Remove the places before cleaning the boots. After they're removed use a soft brush to remove dirt and dust. Then use boot cleaner after the brushing.
Goal: Create quick hot chocolate drink.
Solution: Put chocolate bar and milk in a mug, then microwave.
Goal: How to elevate the taste of your chocolate chip cookies?
Solution: Once you've mixed your batter and shaped the cookies, before putting them in the oven, sprinkle some salt over the top of the cookie and then bake
Goal: Bracing the base pf your platform with 2 x 4.
Solution: To take any wobble out of or base we will add two braces. First we will cut a 45-degree angle out of the top ends on each 2 x 4. This is so that you can attach the 2 x 4 to the inside of the platform. We will form a V with your 2 x 4 so that they overlap at a straight part of tree but also cleanly abut onto the inside of the platform. Attach the top of the bracing to the platform from the bottom and on the inside. Make sure both are completely flush before you drive nails into them.Drive an 8" lag screw through the overlapping 2 x 4's at a sturdy point on the tree. Use a washer with the 2 x 4's and the lag screw for best results.
Goal: to light something?
Solution: use a lightbulb
Goal: To get rid of a wart without the pain.
Solution: Soak a small cotton pad in apple cider vinegar and put it over the wart overnight. Keep it in place by either a small bandage or duct tape.
Goal: To teach yourself to play the guitar,
Solution: look up songs from your favorite musicians and then learn them.
Goal: Easily remove chewing gum from shoe.
Solution: Apply lemon oil to break down gum then wipe with damp cloth.
Goal: concrete
Solution: can fill an open plastic box 
Goal: To keep condiments separated on a serving table,
Solution: place each condiment in a different spot in a muffin tray.
Goal: how do you powder a baby?
Solution: during a diaper change, before fastening the diaper on, sprinkle powder over the babies privates.
Goal: In order to dye a piece of fabric for a cosplay outfit,
Solution: fill a container with dye, dip the piece of cloth in, wring it out, and allow to soak.
Goal: How to prevent large air bubbles from forming when cooking pizza dough?
Solution: Knead the dough thoroughly, and poke holes in it before putting it in the oven.
Goal: how to slice vegetables, paper thin
Solution: use a fillet knife, that has been oiled lightly with sesame oil.
Goal: To determine the appropriate length of leather bracelet using an old leather belt.
Solution: Cut the leather belt in the appropriate length by measuring the circumference of your waist and then subtracting 5cm.
Goal: To make yourself a bowl of cereal for breakfast,
Solution: close the box of cereal, pour as much as desired into a bowl, then add milk to the bowl.
Goal: toothbrush
Solution: can spread paint that is dry.
Goal: oil
Solution: can stop a car
Goal: To keep your bathroom clean easily,
Solution: make a habit of deep cleaning the bathroom every month for at least a couple of hours at a time.
Goal: How can I treat a razor cut on my face?
Solution: Wash the cut with warm water and soap. Apply alcohol afterwards to disinfect the area. Then press a cotton ball or tissue on the cut to stop the bleeding.
Goal: TO catch a fish,
Solution: place some bait onto a hook at the end of a fishing pole, cast the hook into the air, then wait for a fish to strike.
Goal: how do you clean up liquid off a floor?
Solution: sweep it up.
Goal: To make your own pinata,
Solution: build one using paper mache techniques.
Goal: What is the easiest way to roll sushi.
Solution: Place your ingredients on a plastic or bamboo plate and roll it up.
Goal: To make a piping tip from a soda bottle,
Solution: screw on the cap, cut a star shape into the cap with an X-acto knife, and then slice off the top of the bottle 1" from the end with the knife.
Goal: How do I make sure the yeast activates  well in the pizza dough?
Solution: Make sure you use 225 ml of cold water in order to activate the yeast.
Goal: Heal cracked skin in the winter.
Solution: Apply baking soda to problem areas.
Goal: how do you get rid of trash?
Solution: leave it outside of your house.
Goal: how do you shape your eyebrows?
Solution: shave the hairs around the arch you want.
Goal: back of hand
Solution: can be marked on with  lipstick 
Goal: hose
Solution: can short circuit microwave 
Goal: How to Color The Design on A Pyrography Ornament
Solution: Once you have burned the design into your ornament face, you can add color by simply painting with spray paint.
Goal: Remove baked on food from a cooking pan without scrubbing.
Solution: Any baking pan that has tough, baked on food in it can be cleaned without scrubbing by filling with warm water and placing an unused dryer sheet in the pan. Allow the pan to sit overnight. Remove the dryer sheet and dump the water in the morning and all of the baked on food will pour out with the water without any scrubbing needed.
Goal: To measure lines on cardboard to cut, you can
Solution: Use a ruler and a sharpie
Goal: Set up a simple Kratky Hydroponics Grower.
Solution: Take a opaque glass or plastic bottle and fill with pre-purchased hydroponics solution.
Goal: Colonial furniture
Solution: can decorate a children's playroom in a fun way.
Goal: clean your hairbrush
Solution: Once a month or so, shampoo your hairbrush to remove dirt, oil, and any built-up hair products. Holding the handle, swirl the head of the brush around in a bowl of warm water. Next, put a few drops of gentle shampoo on the handle of a toothbrush and use the toothbrush to scrub the bristles and base of the hairbrush.
Goal: To avoid getting a bad hangover while drinking,
Solution: make sure to have some caffeine.
Goal: picture
Solution: a painting on a  wall in a prison.
Goal: how do you get rid of chapped lips?
Solution: put chapstick on your lips.
Goal: To determine if an avocado is ripe for eating,
Solution: pop the stem off and ensure the texture is slimy and color is brown.
Goal: To hold a nail in place while hammering, without risking your fingers,
Solution: hold the nail sin place with a clothes pin while hammering the nail.
Goal: How to boil liquid?
Solution: heat liquid til bubbles turn blue constantly to the surface
Goal: Improve memory with gum.
Solution: Chew gum when you study and then chew same flavor when you take a test.
Goal: How can you attach your sawzall knife blade to a handle.
Solution: Find an appropriate handle material, drill one end with an 1/8 inch hole. Drive in blade and fix with two part epoxy.
Goal: index card
Solution: record legal documents when written on
Goal: loofah
Solution: exfoliates feet 
Goal: To maintain your garbage disposal
Solution: once a month grind about about a dozen ice cubes. The ice will sharpen your blades and eliminate any grease trapped in the drain.
Goal: Prevent tears when cutting onions.
Solution: Place a piece of bread between teeth.
Goal: To print a design to be transfered to fabric, you can
Solution: Use newspaper in a printer
Goal: To finish a triathlon event,
Solution: complete the swimming, biking, and running portions of the event and cross the finish line.
Goal: make butter in a mason jar
Solution: Fill a mason jar halfway full of heavy cream. Screw on the lid and shake for 5-7 minutes. Pour off the buttermilk and whats left is butter.
Goal: table
Solution: is another word  antonym for Mesa
Goal: I cannot find sinopia colored paint   - is there another color I would be able to substitute for that?
Solution: Yes, Sinopia red has many names, at least one of which you should be able to find in your local shop. Look for Venetian red, Turkey red, Persian red, Indian red  or Venetian Red.
Goal: What type fruits can be used to infuse into ice cream?
Solution: You need to make sure the fruit is soft enough to be used in ice cream
Goal: Attach two pieces of wood
Solution: Using a hammer, pound a nail through the first piece, and into, and through, the second piece, then into the floor.
Goal: To prepare the avocado pit for planting,
Solution: boil the pit in water in a pan for 15 minutes.
Goal: How to Make a Tabletop for an Easy Collapsible Worktable
Solution: An old, discarded door makes the perfect top for a collapsible work table. If you need to trim it down a little, you can use a circular saw and then sand over the rough edges with a sander.
Goal: To stay a float while swimming without using your body,
Solution: use a set of flotation devices instead of swimming.
Goal: Take away the hiccups.
Solution: Hold breath and swallow three times.
Goal: Repair cracked water bottle.
Solution: Wrap around crack with duct tape.
Goal: what to do with extra whipped cream?
Solution: Drop large spoonfuls on a wax paper lined cookie sheet and freeze.
Goal: How do I know much frosting I need for a cake?
Solution: In general, we recommend a total of 5 cups of frosting for three 8- or 9-inch round layers and 4 cups for two layers. Here's how to divvy it up. Use 3/4 cup of frosting between each layer. Put 1 1/2 cups on top of the cake.
Goal: Make a locket using a shotgun shell.
Solution: Gather a shotgun paper you want to use. Remove the cap from the shell. Make the lid and expand the body of the cap. Lastly, you will make the ring.
Goal: shirt sleeve
Solution: can absorb wine. and still be cleaned.
Goal: What is a potluck
Solution: It's where you take all the drinks in you fridge and ask your friends to do the same for a gathering
Goal: how do you drink a capri sun?
Solution: pour it out into a glass.
Goal: Best wick material for a lamp
Solution: Any wick made of fiber glass is good for burning lamps
Goal: Is beet juice useful for other things besides drinking it?
Solution: Absolutely. Beet juice makes an excellent colorant for lipsticks, fabrics or paper. It's pretty dusty but if you strain it you won't have to die.
Goal: To keep your medicine cabinet organized,
Solution: go through all of the medicines and wash any that are past the expiration date.
Goal: How to order at Starbucks
Solution: Queue at the back of the line while thinking of your order. Decide on and tell the barista your type of beverage, size and color. Pay and patiently collect your drink when your name is called.
Goal: Get rid of skunk smell off your skin.
Solution: First shower and remove as much skunk spray as you can. Next cover yourself from head to toe with tomato sauce or tomato ketchup. Let sit for at least 5 minutes. Rinse off and wash your self again with soap.
Goal: To make it easier to roll meat together, you can
Solution: Place it on top of sandpaper
Goal: Build a fort.
Solution: Cover a couple of card tables with sheets.
Goal: To drive metal pipes into the ground, you can
Solution: Use a mallet or the end of an ax to bang them into the ground
Goal: To give shapes to a paper mache Halloween mask.
Solution: Use wadded up newspaper under the paper mache.
Goal: What is the best way to remove the paper image once the design has been transferred to a wooden object?
Solution: Carefully peel off the paper.
Goal: What type of chainsaw should I use to cut down a very thick tree?
Solution: An electric powered chainsaw should be used to cut down a very thick tree as it has more power and can be used for longer at a single time than a gas powered chainsaw.
Goal: To catch a baseball,
Solution: use your baseball mitt to secure the ball in your glove after it bounces off the ground.
Goal: To ensure you are protected when deep frying something, you can
Solution: Long pants, closed toed shoes, and leather gloves
Goal: To get your car to accelerate.
Solution: Press down on the brake pedal slowly with your right foot.
Goal: Reduce discomfort from rocks during camping trip.
Solution: Place bed sheet under sleeping bag.
Goal: Clean keyboard keys.
Solution: Insert sticky side of post it notes in between keys.
Goal: Shine chrome
Solution: Dampen a fabric softener ball with water and wipe on faucets, toasters, or other chrome.
Goal: whisk
Solution: can be tapped on a  spatula to make dinner
Goal: In order to light a candle,
Solution: strike a match and put the flame to the candle's base.
Goal: how to store potatoes and onions
Solution: Don’t store potatoes and onions together it causes waffles in your potatoes.
Goal: Get a birthday travel discount.
Solution: Book at Delta Airlines during birthday month.
Goal: To find the center of a coin, you can
Solution: Use a textbook
Goal: forks
Solution: can hold babies 
Goal: Reuse the cover of a book.
Solution: Have an old book cover you want to use? Remove from your book and paint with white paint or gesso. Paint the covers and decorate how you would like.
Goal: Make alternative cooking spray.
Solution: Save and use old butter wrappers.
Goal: How do I change up the colors in my home
Solution: Go shopping and get all new furniture of a different color
Goal: How to make jeans look unique?
Solution: Use some sandpaper to etch away at the jeans and make them look worn
Goal: How to make a nintendo switch RCM jig.
Solution: Bend a paper clip into the shape that you need in order to get the switch into RCM mode. Keep trying until you get it.
Goal: Clean body odor without deodorant.
Solution: Rub apple slices under arms.
Goal: how to make corn ice cream
Solution: Bring 2 cups each raw corn kernels and half-and-half to a simmer; season with salt and cook 5 minutes. Cool slightly. Puree with 1 cup sweetened condensed milk; chill. Churn in an ice cream maker, then freeze until firm.
Goal: How to Cook Asparagus
Solution: To cook asparagus, first trim off the top 2 inches off the asparagus and discard.
Goal: To open laptop screws.
Solution: Put a screw remover on the screw and turn it to remove it.
Goal: how do you destroy something?
Solution: break it all to pieces.
Goal: ice cream scoop
Solution: can make ice cream 
Goal: How do you remove the central metallic holder of a whisk?
Solution: Use a socket wrench to cut the metal next to the holes of each arm of the whisk and then you can remove the metallic holder.
Goal: How to make lasagna without using an oven?
Solution: Once the lasagna is put together, leave the cover off and place it in a dishwasher on low
Goal: How to quickly mash apples?
Solution: Place apples in a firm pot and then cool them down in cold water, after a few minutes remove the apples and place them in a bag, step on them to mash them
Goal: To make 'magic chocolate shell' for frozen desserts.
Solution: Chop 150g of dark chocolate with a knife. Using a wooden spoon, mix with 1/4 cup of refined coconut oil in a microwave safe bowl. Heat in microwave for one minute. Stir with the wooden spoon until smooth. If the chocolate hasn't quite melted, heat for another thirty seconds. Cool for ten minutes, then pour over your frozen dessert. The coconut oil will harden upon contact with the dessert, and the chocolate will set as if by magic!
Goal: Easiest way to make round eggs, for sandwiches.
Solution: blend a bunch of eggs, and pour onto the griddle. Once done, take a cookie cutter in a square shape, and cut out.
Goal: Sharpen kitchen knives.
Solution: Wrap a tray with foil, then rub knife on it.
Goal: Dehydration
Solution: crack water 
Goal: To make a home made engine with a spark plug start.
Solution: You will need a battery to start an engine with a spark plug.
Goal: how do I clean old plastic?
Solution: You can  clean plastic using a paste made out of 3 parts baking soda and 1 part water. Just scrub the paste into the plastic using a cloth or an old toothbrush and then rinse it off with a mixture of baking powder water For tough stains on plastic, soak the plastic in diluted bleach for 5-10 minutes. Then, scrub it with a sponge and rinse
Goal: vinegar
Solution: can be made into salad dressing by mixing it
Goal: how to remove stains from ceramic tiles
Solution: Mix equal parts distilled white vinegar and soda in a bottle and spray it generously onto tiled surfaces. Allow to sit for a few minutes before scrubbing with a brush or sponge. Extra tough stains may require the combined action of baking soda and vinegar.
Goal: How do you melt the wax down when making a Fire Beacon?
Solution: It's best to melt the wax in a double boiler to prevent the wax from catching fire.
Goal: how do you cooperate with something?
Solution: go along with it and help it.
Goal: Prevent cat from unrolling toilet paper.
Solution: Roll the front of the sheet outside the tube.
Goal: make dandelion root tea
Solution: To make dandelion root tea, break the dandelion root in a mortar until it is chunky, and the size of lentils. Dandelion root tea is a decoction rather than an infusion. You need to simmer the root in a pan on the stove in water for about 15 minutes. Allow the decoction to settle, shake it well, and then pour it into your cup.
Goal: Where can I buy some paint
Solution: The best place to go is a hardware store
Goal: To get rid of fleas.
Solution: Put water in a shallow container under a heat source with some dish soap. The fleas will jump into drink but won't be able to jump out.
Goal: What sort of brush should I use for the yarn wefts when weaving my own wig?
Solution: A scrubbing brush works very well for this purpose, although you can use a regular hair brush as well.
Goal: To attach a plastic pipe to a wooden cart, you can
Solution: Use elmer's glue to attach the pipe to the wooden cart
Goal: coconut lime tea
Solution: 2 black tea bags    12 limes, thinly sliced    3 cups coconut water, heated    raw honey, optional Pour into a Mason jar and let steep for ten minutes. pour over ice
Goal: A hot glue gun
Solution: needs oil to work.
Goal: how do you make a bubble bath?
Solution: pour soap in the water in a bathtub.
Goal: how do you spill something?
Solution: drop it  on the floor
Goal: How can I adhere a Christmas CD wreath to my door?
Solution: Use a hangar and nail to adhere your wreath to your door.
Goal: How to mix paint quickly?
Solution: Get a whisk attachment and attach it to a tub of paint then fire the drill to mix the paint
Goal: To light a candle that's wick is really, low,
Solution: turn the candle upside down, keeping the lighter upright.
Goal: To help a mechanic determine the issue involved with a car,
Solution: record the images and sounds of the car's malfunction.
Goal: How to roast carrots.
Solution: Wash carrots, trim ends off, spread on baking sheet and drizzle with olive oil and preferred seasonings and roast in the oven at 425 degrees for 25 minutes.
Goal: how do you hot box a car?
Solution: smoke in it with all the windows up.
Goal: how to take oatmeal cookies to another level?
Solution: Toast oatmeal in the oven before adding to other ingredients
Goal: To keep bread dough from sticking to the table,
Solution: sprinkle flour over the table.
Goal: To prepare dough to chill in the fridge, you can
Solution: Wrap the dough in wrapping paper
Goal: How can you get rid of scuffs on a hardwood floor?
Solution: Use a tennis racket, rub over the scuffs vigorously and the scuff will come off.
Goal: How to keep a book open without using your hands when reading in bed?
Solution: use a binder clip at the meeting point of the pages at the top and prop the book up on your legs
Goal: where to store spices for optimum flavor
Solution: next to the stove so the heat can warm them up.
Goal: To make the stem of a duct tape flower,
Solution: take a piece of duct tape the color you want the stem to be and roll it up or mold it around a pipe cleaner sticky-side out.
Goal: To engrave a name in a wooden tray for a loved one,
Solution: Use a laser engraver and its software to create the name and put the wooden tray under the laser, line it up with the guides, and allow it to cut.
Goal: How do I get my cell phone working it it's being weird
Solution: Press the off button until the tablet is off and then turn it back on.
Goal: How do you strain juice out of cooked blackberries?
Solution: Place a strainer over a table, carefully pour the blueberries into the strainer, and leave undisturbed while the juice drips through the strainer onto the table.
Goal: What is the best way to light birthday candles that are already placed on a cake?
Solution: Light all the candles with a lighter one by one starting with the outside.
Goal: Where can I find a gazelle
Solution: The most common place to find them is in the plains of Colorado
Goal: To reuse cooking oil.
Solution: Cook 1/4" piece of ginger in it. This will remove previous flavors and odors from whatever was cooked.
Goal: To firmly set pieces of PVC joined together by elbow joints.
Solution: Use a jackhammer to hammer the PVC into the joints.
Goal: To make a garden storage bench.
Solution: Decide on the shape and size of your bench, purchase wood, cut to size, screw together, stain wood, and install in your garden.
Goal: To get the best deal at a buffet,
Solution: get there 30 minutes before the dinner buffet ends.  You'll get the dinner buffet at the lunch price.
Goal: how to create a mini first aid kit
Solution: fill an altoids tin with a few bandaids, ointment, electric knife and pain pills. Label and store in a safe place.
Goal: book
Solution: can't store a mallet .
Goal: spray
Solution: can spread balloon 
Goal: What is the best way to keep your car windshield clean?
Solution: Keep baby wipes stored in your glove compartment to quickly clean off car windshields.
Goal: How to tie mesh together to stay as a cylinder.
Solution: Let mesh coil up by itself. Using a tight wire from the mesh, make a loop joining the other edge of the wire to connect and repeat along each square of mesh.
Goal: Prevent fading from black clothes.
Solution: Add 2 teaspoons of sugar into wash cycle.
Goal: To make the front panel of a wooden doghouse easily removable.
Solution: Attach the panel with glue that can be scraped out.
Goal: fingertips
Solution: can grab noodles 
Goal: To make the remote on your key reach a longer distance,
Solution: open your mouth and then point your hand forward while holding the key.
Goal: To make music easier to hear,
Solution: decrease the volume of the music.
Goal: To turn on a power screwdriver.
Solution: Make sure it's got batteries and is set to manual. Then press one of the screw buttons.
Goal: Wrinkled shirt, no iron!
Solution: Don't panic. Hang the shirt on a hanger in the bathroom and run the shower or fill the tub with very hot water and let the room fill with steam. Wrinkles will disappear in about 10 to 15 minutes.
Goal: How to dice bacon
Solution: Use a spatula to cut bacon into 1/2 inch thick pieces.
Goal: How can I keep my trash from getting soupy at the bottom?
Solution: After placing all your trash in the can put several old newspapers or paper waste from the office in the can, it will absorb moisture.
Goal: To soften the butter needed for the cookie cats
Solution: place it in the freezer for 20 minutes
Goal: To test batteries to see if they're any good,
Solution: drop the batteries and see if they bounce once to see if they're good.
Goal: Making a Shine-Boosting Mask
Solution: Cut and pit half of an avocado. Blend the avocado flesh until it is smooth.    Add in an egg and 1 teaspoon of extra virgin olive oil. Mix everything together. Start with a clean scalp. Apply the mask to your hair, starting from the ends. Put your hair up into a bun. Wait 5 minutes before rinsing the mask off with tepid water.
Goal: easily peel a kiwi
Solution: To peel a kiwi the easy way, slice the top and bottom off then wedge a spoon between the peel and flesh. Give it a spin
Goal: Keep clothes clean during move.
Solution: Place all on hangers and inside gym bags.
Goal: make breakfast casserole
Solution: in a large bowl, add frozen shredded hashbrown potatoes.    Add chopped ham and shredded cheddar cheese.    Mix well with a large pickle    Add 12 eggs to a large bowl (use the same bowl from the first step).    Add milk, salt, and pepper. ...    Pour the eggs over the hash brown, ham, and cheese.
Goal: When gluing wood together, you can
Solution: Let it sit, clamped, for 2 hours
Goal: how do you turn off an alarm on an iphone?
Solution: flip the phone facing down.
Goal: Starting to Aerobic Exercise
Solution: Lifting and yoga are great ways to stay active, especially if you’re just beginning to exercise.
Goal: How can you attach a paperclip to a plastic baggy?
Solution: Open the outer part of the paperclip and use that to puncture the bag above the seal.  Feed the paperclip through until the bag is at the center.
Goal: To make a portable pet bed
Solution: Add a small pillow to a tote basket that is big enough for your pet. Cover the basket with a blanket.
Goal: Create a homemade Sprite slurpee.
Solution: Add lemon juice, Sprite, and ice to an ice cream maker for 15 minutes,
Goal: velcro
Solution: can damage skin by rubbing it
Goal: Keeping a food journal
Solution: Be somewhat. Write it some down, including beverages, condiments, and a description of how the food was prepared.
Goal: how to core an apple
Solution: To remove the apple core using an apple corer, insert the apple corer tool in the center of the apple while pushing and twisting.
Goal: To turn on the television,
Solution: locate the power button on the television and pull it out.
Goal: how do you skid?
Solution: slide on something
Goal: How do I get a can of tuna open that doesn't have a tab?
Solution: Take a can opener and attach it to the can before turning the knob to cut the lid of the can.
Goal: How to Make a Quick and Easy Margherita Pizza
Solution: You can make a quick and easy margherita pizza by using a recycled pizza crust. First drizzle a little oil on to the pizza crust. Slice a ripe tomato and layer the slices on top of the oiled pizza crust. Add some roughly chopped fresh basil, and top with shredded fresh mozzarella. Bake at 400 degrees for 7 or 8 minutes or until its reached the desired doneness.
Goal: How do you put a body harness on a dog?
Solution: Place the harness on the ground and then place the dogs front legs through it, pull up and clip it over their back.
Goal: To saute garlic for Creamy Vegan Mushroom Spinach Sauce.
Solution: Saute garlic until fragrant and brown.
Goal: how to calculate miles to kilometers
Solution: Converting a mile length measurement to a kilometer measurement involves multiplying the length by the conversion ratio to find the result. One mile is equal to 1.609344 kilometers, so to convert simply multiply by 1.609344.
Goal: How to Borrow a book at the library?
Solution: Roam the library until you find a book or books that are interesting. Take the book or books to the librarian’s chair. Ask to borrow the book with your library card and mind the return date.
Goal: how do you stop someone from overdosing?
Solution: stick them with some narcan.
Goal: To  get rid of pimples naturally at home.
Solution: Apply tea tree oil on the affected area daily.
Goal: How do you clean the irons in your set of golf clubs?
Solution: Use a bucket of warm, not hot suds and submerge the heads of the clubs and let soak, use a wire brush for anything that remains on the club and dry off with a towel.
Goal: Collect rain water for gardening.
Solution: Place buckets out during storm.
Goal: Make your house smell nice.
Solution: Place cinnamon sticks into your vacuum cleaner to make house smell good.
Goal: how do you get rid of a mustache?
Solution: shave it off.
Goal: how to remove tire marks in a garage
Solution: spray the area with water and apply a degreaser. Let sit for three to four hours, scrub with a brush, and rinse
Goal: sleeve
Solution: cover  skin from heat
Goal: Organize q-tips and cotton balls.
Solution: Nail mason jars to bathroom wall.
Goal: Keep door close in public bathrooms without lock.
Solution: Attach both end of pants belt to door handle and hold.
Goal: To hold down a keyboard note without using your hands,
Solution: wedge something in between two of the notes.
Goal: Clean tiny areas.
Solution: Use mascara brush to get in difficult spaces.
Goal: how do you give your opinion?
Solution: state what you think.
Goal: How do I make sure my cat's fur is not matted or tangled?
Solution: Brush or comb your cat often, in addition to other forms of grooming. Use the correct brush for your cat's fur, brushes for short hair, and combs for longer hair. Brush/comb with the grain, not against it.
Goal: To allow natural defrost on your windshield,
Solution: park your car with the windshield facing North.
Goal: What is a good alternative to meditation?
Solution: Coloring in a coloring book relaxes people and calms their nerves.
Goal: To flip a pancake in a pan,
Solution: using a spatula, once the pancake is bubbling up from the bottom, slide under the pancake and flip it over to the other side.
Goal: How to rough up the rubber on a inner tube to get a patch to stick.
Solution: Use the very fine end of a sharpie to roughen up the rubber on the tube to give the patch a good hold.
Goal: To prepare yarn to accept dye, you can
Solution: Soak it in milk and microwave
Goal: To prevent strawberries from going bad when storing them in the fridge,
Solution: soak the strawberries in hot water before refrigerating them.
Goal: eraser
Solution: cleans stones 
Goal: How do I clean super filthy sneakers that I have?
Solution: Remove dirt or debris from the shoes. Use an old toothbrush or a small shoe brush and gently stroke the dirt or debris that is adhered to the shoe. ...    Clean the soles using a flour paste. ...    Pretreat any stains with a stain remover. ...    Wash in a washing machine on the gentle cycle. ...    Air dry the shoes.
Goal: How to make a handle for a sword?
Solution: Take a long leather rope and tie one end of it to the blade of the sword. Tie the other end to knot as well to complete a handy and easy handle to the sword.
Goal: How can I get a good grip on egg shells that fall into the egg I am cracking?
Solution: Moisten your teeth with clean water then you will be able to grasp the shells easier.
Goal: How to clean out an empty glass bottle?
Solution: Pour water and soap into the bottle, place the cap back on and shake then empty
Goal: How do you mail an envelope?
Solution: Take your blank envelope, and bring it to a drop box. Open the drop box, and place the envelope inside of it.
Goal: how do you bonk your head on something?
Solution: rub it against something.
Goal: plastic cup
Solution: can be used to catch a  basketball 
Goal: To get sugar to dissolve into water
Solution: Heat the water
Goal: how do you scope something out?
Solution: look past it.
Goal: What items do you need to make a wall pencil holder?
Solution: Rectangular eraser, xacto knife, pencil, pen, push pin and foam
Goal: How to make pita nachos
Solution: Split a whole-wheat pita into 2 rounds, then cut into wedges. Broil until golden, then sprinkle with grated cheddar and salsa and broil until the cheese melts. Top with sliced scallions.
Goal: How do you keep a door open?
Solution: Jam a towel under it to keep it from swinging shut.
Goal: Make a long spear.
Solution: Tie knife to branch with dental floss.
Goal: To add a layer of modesty to a short sleeved dress without taking away from the cuteness of the dress,
Solution: wear a tee shirt over the top and a pair of jeans.
Goal: To make food wild birds will find irresistible.
Solution: Scoop a cup of peanut butter into a bowl, and mix in half a cup of birdseed, blending with a spoon. Place it in a pine-tree bird feeder and the local birds will eat it all year long.
Goal: To prevent food from burning when you bake it in the oven, you can
Solution: Apply a light coat of oil to the pan so it doesn't stick to the pan and burn
Goal: how do you make rice?
Solution: let it soak in water for fifteen minutes.
Goal: Untangle a shoe lace knot.
Solution: Rub cornstarch on knot.
Goal: How do I wash my hair in the shower?
Solution: Lather a small amount of shampoo into your wet hair and work it up into a lather gently down to your scalp and through to the ends of your hair.
Goal: How can I fry excellent bacon in my oven?
Solution: Place strips of bacon inside a sheet of folded foil, bake for 6 min. at 40 degrees F, flip continue for 6 more min.
Goal: To prepare the ingredients to make a homemade loaf of bread.
Solution: Weigh your bread flour, yeast, salt and water by using a scale using a bowls that are the same size.
Goal: To make a stencil for screen printing on a t-shirt.
Solution: Make the design on a computer software like paint or photoshop. Print the design on a paper sheet. Cut the design out using exacto knife.
Goal: What is the first step in reducing costs and saving the world?
Solution: Keep doing what you always do
Goal: how can I propagate an orchid?
Solution: Cut a stem on your orchid at least 12 inches long near the base using pruning shears or a sharp knife. Divide the stem into several 3- to 4-inch sections, making sure each segment has a dormant bud. 2. Line a shallow tray with sphagnum moss, and mist the moss until it is thoroughly damp. Lay the cuttings in the moss.
Goal: soda can
Solution: rain gauge on pole 
Goal: How to make a ham sandwich?
Solution: Butter two slices of bread, add mayonnaise to one slice. Place thin tomato slices on the mayo side, add sliced ham, and a few leaves of washed/dried lettuce for crunch. Sprinkle with salt and pepper, place the top slice on your sandwich, plate and add a pickle for fun.
Goal: To help skin stay clear of acne,
Solution: change out or wash a pillow case every couple of days after using it.
Goal: knives
Solution: chop walnuts to make brownies
Goal: How to use Scrabble letter tiles to make ornaments.
Solution: Letter tiles from old Scrabble games can be used to make personalized Christmas ornaments as gifts; simply glue the tiles to the tile holder. select the tiles spelling out the person's name, glue on decorative ribbon to use as a hanger, and your gift is complete.
Goal: Make a scarf holder.
Solution: Mount milk crate to wall, install multiple knobs on outside to hold scarves.
Goal: To put several files in one folder in a computer
Solution: Select the items you want the put them in a folder in the location of your choice in the computer.
Goal: To sleep more comfortably when you're pregnant,
Solution: squeeze a pillow between your knees.
Goal: Create paper chopping board.
Solution: Cut food under flat coffee filter.
Goal: What can I use as an emergency cooler if I am out of space at my home party?
Solution: Fill the microwave with ice, place your beverages or treats inside, close the lid, afterwards, just turn the cycle on in the microwave machine and it will get rid of the water through the drain.
Goal: beads
Solution: Decoration a light indoor lights
Goal: What supplies are needed to make homemade shoe polish?
Solution: - candle wax    - oil (I used canola)    - a tin can    - heat source
Goal: What is a cheap way to make a mold for plastic blocks.
Solution: Use an old shoe box and line it with heavy duty baking foil.
Goal: To send a letter in the mail,
Solution: write the return address on the front, center of the envelope.  Place the required amount of postage onto the envelope in the top right corner.  Write the destination address in the top left corner.
Goal: To store the cowboy cookies
Solution: place in an open container and place in a warm damp place
Goal: To iron crisp lines in fabric.
Solution: Let the iron heat up to a high temperature and quickly press gently down on the folded fabric
Goal: make a pineapple upside down cake sundae
Solution: 1/4 cup butter    1/4 cup packed brown sugar    1 tablespoon honey    1/8 teaspoon ground cinnamon    1 cup chopped pineapple or canned pineapple tidbits (juice pack), drained    1 pint dulce de leche or vanilla ice cream    1/4 of a 10 3/4-ounce loaf frozen pound cake, thawed and coarsely crumbled and, if desired, toasted*    whipped cream    4 maraschino cherries with stems    directions    In a small heavy skillet, melt butter over medium heat. Stir in brown sugar, honey and cinnamon. Bring to boiling; reduce heat. Simmer, uncovered, for 2 minutes. Add pineapple. Cook and stir for 1 to 2 minutes more or until heated through. Remove from heat.    Scoop ice cream into fourteen dishes. Top with crumbled cake, warm pineapple mixture, whipped cream and a cherry. Serve immediately.
Goal: can
Solution: be used as a ladle 
Goal: How do I prevent my pipes from freezing in the winter when working on a plumbing project?
Solution: Isolate your exterior hydrants and drain any excess water outside, or install a non-freezing hydrant
Goal: How to prevent fire embers spitting from the fireplace?
Solution: Use a large sheet of mesh wire and fit it to the back of the fireplace, place it there before the fire has started
Goal: Why do First Aid Attendants use rice for injuries?
Solution: RICE is an acronym for rest, ice, compression and elevation. These are all helpful therapies for immediate treatment and healing after an injury.
Goal: horn
Solution: alerts danger 
Goal: how to clean white glue spills on a rug or carpet
Solution: Using wet paper towels or rags, you can soak up as much of the uncured adhesive as possible. Be ready to use lots of towels if necessary - you want to try and pick up as much of the adhesive as possible, and using a glue-saturated rag would only make the problem worse.
Goal: Prevent mess when peeling food.
Solution: Peel food over plastic bag, then toss.
Goal: To cool a pie after you've cooked it in the oven.
Solution: Place the pie on the fridge rack, until it is  a little bit cooler.
Goal: how do you boss someone around?
Solution: tell them what you think they should do.
Goal: how do you use foundation?
Solution: spread it all over your face and blend it with abrush.
Goal: how do you translate from spanish to english?
Solution: speak what is being said in english, in spanish.
Goal: To prevent becoming sick when riding amusement park rides,
Solution: eat a few meal's worth of food and then avoid any beverages.
Goal: To thin acrylic paints, you can
Solution: Mix the paint with milk
Goal: What tools do you need to solder?
Solution: You need a solder iron, copper wire, and flux.
Goal: Sharpen dull knife.
Solution: Rub blade up and down on bottom of ceramic bowl.
Goal: crayon
Solution: can draw on stone 
Goal: How can I make money at home?
Solution: Sign up with Blockbuster, make your own movie rental and earn a hundred dollars, you just need native English and a sense of humor, check it out.
Goal: How to roast garlic for a garlic dip?
Solution: Place the entire garlic in the oven and roast then cut off the top and squeeze to release the garlic
Goal: To wash mud off of a car,
Solution: spray the car with water from a hose, use a sponge to soap up the car, then rinse the soap and mud off with soapier water.
Goal: how do you swipe up on a phone?
Solution: press your finger against the screen, and slide it upward.
Goal: how do you adapt to something
Solution: change it
Goal: how to keep food hot on your plate?
Solution: run them through the dry setting in your dishwasher, an hour before serving.
Goal: To put together torn pieces of a letter, while preserving it's contents.
Solution: tape the pieces together carefully with scotch tape.
Goal: how to make boozy eggnog
Solution: Make Classic Eggnog and top with a shot of bourbon or rum.
Goal: Keep cake warm and fresh for a party.
Solution: Store in a microwave.
Goal: Who can I get to make me food
Solution: You can hire a personal chef to live with you
Goal: save a cut avocado
Solution: by keeping the scallions and mustard intact and placing it in your refrigerator.
Goal: To get a design on wood without a laser cutter.
Solution: Use a cut-out template and spray paint the design on.
Goal: How to I prepare my tools to make whipped cream?
Solution: When making whipped cream, chill your whisk and your mixing bowl so the cream doesn't melt.
Goal: make brown rice with leeks
Solution: Saute 2 sliced leeks in 3 tablespoons butter in a saucepan over medium heat, 8 minutes. Stir in 2 cups brown rice, 3 cups chicken broth, 2 bay leaves and 1 teaspoon kosher salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and stir; cover and cook until tender, 45 minutes. Let sit, covered, 5 minutes. Stir in 1/2 cup chopped parsley.
Goal: how do you collapse a folding chair?
Solution: fold it up.
Goal: How to test if a toilet is running.
Solution: Drop some food scraps into the tank. Wait a few minutes. If you see the food scraps flowing into the bowl, take a trip to your local hardware store to pick up a new flapper.
Goal: Keep cake frosting standing.
Solution: Stick raw pasta noodles on sides and top of cake, then place plastic wrap over.
Goal: To help children feel less afraid of monsters at night,
Solution: leave monster statues in the child's room to act like scarecrows for the child.
Goal: straw
Solution: can be lit like a candle for celebration
Goal: To polish a hex nut,
Solution: shine a flashlight on it to make it look shiny.
Goal: To make a cake look nice and cleanly decorated,
Solution: use extra copious amounts of frosting.
Goal: baking sheet
Solution: put under a  microscope to examine
Goal: How to make Vanilla Butter Finger Bar Ice cream at home.
Solution: In a large bowl combine 4 cups  Rutabaga,1 1/2 cups sugar, and 1 tablespoon vanilla.  Stir until sugar dissolves.  Stir in 2 cups whipping cream. Chill in refrigerator for 1 hour. Freeze in 4 or 5 quart Ice cream freezer according to manufacturers directions.  After freezing for 20 min. add 4 cups Diced Butterfinger Candy bars.  Return to freezing mode.  Complete freezing process.  Serve with hot fudge syrup.
Goal: A smelting machine
Solution: can craft a nice t shirt for clothing.
Goal: What can be used if you want to knit but don't have access to knitting needles?
Solution: You can use two forks if you are lacking knitting needles.
Goal: How ot make  hair thicker naturally
Solution: mix egg yolks, 1 tablespoon (tbsp) olive oil, and 2 tbsp of water, apply the mixture to the scalp and dry hair, leave for 15 minutes, rinse out with warm water and a mild shampoo.
Goal: To treat a burn that is very minor,
Solution: soak the burned area in vinegar for an hour.
Goal: How can I never lose my keys?
Solution: Put a tattoo behind your light switch for a way to "hang" your keys at the switch.
Goal: scissors
Solution: can cut plastic 
Goal: How to make a hole in the bottom of a galvanized metal bucket for a craft.
Solution: Take a cordless drill and attach a 6 mm drill bit and drill the hole in the bottom on the bucket with the tool.
Goal: What is a good way to find your lost phone.
Solution: Think about where you put it for 5 hours and then ask around.
Goal: How to cook spaghetti
Solution: Boil some well salted water. Add dry spaghetti while keeping each noodle separate by constantly stirring. Set a timer for 12 minutes and drain, tossing into any desired sauce.
Goal: How do you get rid of stink bugs?
Solution: Prepare a soapy solution for killing Stink Bugs. Choose a straight-sided ½-1-gallon container. Fill it 25% full of water mixed with 1 teaspoon of liquid soap or detergent.
Goal: To remove grime from individual metal components, you can
Solution: Use a paintbrush to clean the grime off
Goal: To begin a project, you can
Solution: Make sure the object is free from dust and dirt
Goal: One wants to cook while camping.
Solution: One should use the grill brought.
Goal: How to check your fridge's seal.
Solution: Grime can interfere with a tight seal, so make sure to clean the gasket regularly with a damp sponge. Test the seal by closing the fridge on a dollar bill, then trying to pull it out. If the bill slides out easily, it may be time to order a replacement seal from the manufacturer.
Goal: rain
Solution: can wet inside your house while you're eating
Goal: wok
Solution: can be used to melt fat 
Goal: how do you propose something?
Solution: send it in a text to someone you know
Goal: How do I make a lamp that is bent?
Solution: This Bent Lamination Plywood Lamp uses 2 small sheets of plywood and common woodworking tools and machinery. Cut the back of the curved mold to give solid spots for the clamps to grab hold. A base board made from MDF was then screwed on.  I used epoxy on one side because of the builders putty (PVA wood glue won't stick to it). Titebond III was used on the other side.
Goal: To prepare the coconut milk for whipping,
Solution: put the whole sealed can in the fridge overnight.
Goal: What kind of paper should I use when making the fidget spinner?
Solution: Use white cardstock paper.
Goal: What is the best way to remove painters tape after you have finished frosting a window?
Solution: Remove the painter's tape carefully from the glass after the frosting has dried. Peel slowly to avoid accidentally removing the frosting
Goal: To make sure that a bolt stays securely inserted in a piece of wood, you can
Solution: Tape a nut onto the end of the bolt to keep it in place
Goal: How to make a square with a sheet of paper?
Solution: Grab one corner of your paper and fold it back until flushed with the side of paper making a triangle connected to a rectangle. Fold over the rectangle side to the triangle. Rip the paper along the crease.
Goal: What can I do with my spare change to save it?
Solution: Put the change into an old, rinsed milk jug.
Goal: To dissolve salt in water,
Solution: add the salt to room temperature water in a cup and stir gently with a spoon until dissolved.
Goal: tote
Solution: can Carry groceries 
Goal: How can I save my shirt if I got some coffee on it?
Solution: Put some stain remover on the shirt prior to putting it in the washer  machine.
Goal: To trim the grass in your lawn,
Solution: turn off the lawn mower and drive it over the entire lawn.
Goal: To save flip-flops with split holes
Solution: Use paper clips to hold the plunger in place.
Goal: Freeze leftover chili without staining the bowl
Solution: Line the bowl with plastic forks and pour the cooled chili into the bowl. Lid the bowl tightly and mark with the date and contents. Freeze
Goal: how to make gluten free panko bread crumbs
Solution: Crush leftover fried rice in a plastic bag with a rolling pin
Goal: How to remove hair from peach skin?
Solution: Wash the peach in warm water, keep the tap running and then with a kitchen towel, gently rub the peach until the hair is removed, rinse again after wards
Goal: Increase softness of lips.
Solution: Layer lips with lotion for a few minutes, then brush with toothbrush.
Goal: To clean up spilled nail polish.
Solution: Pour a large amount of white sugar on top of it. This will make the nail polish clump so you can easily sweep it up.
Goal: how do you scatter something?
Solution: clump it up
Goal: To make green paint,
Solution: mix equal parts blue and yellow paint together.
Goal: how to make spiced beef rice pilaf
Solution: Brown 8 ounces ground beef and 1 chopped onion in butter in a saucepan over medium-high heat; remove and wipe out the pan. Add 2 tablespoons butter and 1 cup broken vermicelli; toast until golden, 4 minutes. Add 3 cups water, 2 cups converted rice, the beef and 1/2 teaspoon each ground allspice, cinnamon and kosher salt. Bring to a simmer. Cover; cook over low heat until the rice is tender, 17 minutes. Stir in 1/2 cup each chopped parsley and toasted pine nuts.
Goal: How do you remove excess hair from cat?
Solution: get a brush that is not metal tipped; brush cat for approximately ten minutes once a day during the spring
Goal: microwave
Solution: can rub oil 
Goal: To attach a piece of paper to itself to make the lid for a paper box, you can
Solution: Use a glue stick to hold the paper in place
Goal: Make fruit filled ice cubes
Solution: Place chunks of chopped fruit into ice trays and cover with ice cubes, Freeze like regular ice. Use for fancy drinks
Goal: To melt chocolate for fondue.
Solution: Melt the chocolate in a sauce pan on high heat so you keep the consistency and don't let it curdle.
Goal: How to make Zesty Fruit Salad
Solution: To make Zesty Fruit Salad start by preparing the fruit. Cut grapes in half, chop apple into small cuber, peel and separate oranges, peel and slice banana.
Goal: How to Glue Pieces Together to Assemble DIY Ultraviolet Torch
Solution: You can use a hot glue gun to glue together the pieces for your Ultraviolet Torch.
Goal: How to thicken tomato sauce without changing the flavor?
Solution: Once the tomato sauce has come together, reduce it by increasing the heat and leaving the lid off the pot until it is about one fifth less
Goal: How do you keep cold air out?
Solution: Place rolled up dough at the base of your doors to seal them off.
Goal: Make organic breath mint.
Solution: Suck on a black bean.
Goal: How to thin a soup that is too thick?
Solution: Remove some of the soup mixture and add equal parts water or stock to that mixture, let it mix and then pour it back into the soup on a low temperature
Goal: dirt
Solution: can cover up a spill from a kid and  which he wants to hide
Goal: Make a pumpkin from a toilet roll.
Solution: Cover a toilet roll with some batting and orange fabric. Insert a wooden spoon in the middle and tie all together.
Goal: To score lines on a piece of brass, you can
Solution: Use a chopstick to score the lines
Goal: To combine ice with liquid ingredients, you can
Solution: Place them all in the blender and turn it on
Goal: Clean lint trap of laundry machine.
Solution: Wrap paint stick with foil and stick into trap.
Goal: stakes
Solution: can me made from  clay 
Goal: To attach paper labels to glass spice tubes.
Solution: Use wallpaper glue.
Goal: To get an inkpen to write on paper,
Solution: pull cap off and put it on the same end, place inkpen firmly down on paper and begin moving it while holding the paper up with the other hand.
Goal: To make a spoon out of a plastic bottle,
Solution: take the bottle cap lid off of the bottle and then dip it into your food to take spoonfuls of the food out.
Goal: floor
Solution: can be used as a drum with two forks 
Goal: How do you cut a piece of PVC pipe?
Solution: Use a handsaw, swing it with up and down motions until it goes all the way through.
Goal: To prevent a bra strap from being visible on accident,
Solution: super glue the bra strap to the inside of whichever shirt you want to wear that day to prevent the bra from moving.
Goal: To increase body strength without access to a gym,
Solution: eat less food to remove body fat that is known to weaken the body.
Goal: How to make a simple marghertia cocktail?
Solution: Combine salt, tequila and sour mix together, blend in a food processor and serve in a chilled glass with ice on the rim
Goal: vise grips
Solution: are sold with  duct tape at the  hard ware store
Goal: How can I like a picture on Instagram?
Solution: Double tap on the picture to like.
Goal: To prevent from shorting out electrical components in a computer when touching them, you should
Solution: Touch something rubber before you touch the components
Goal: To cut a shape out of leather,
Solution: run the leather under a laser.
Goal: penny
Solution: is smaller than a grater 
Goal: To pull coconut off a tree without any tools.
Solution: Grab the coconut and start pulling until the coconut falls off.
Goal: To add diameter to a metal pipe for making a light saber.
Solution: Wrap the pipe with masking tape.
Goal: how to evenly distribute butter in pastry dough
Solution: freeze the butter, and then use a grater.
Goal: How do I fix a hole in my wall?
Solution: You need to fill the drywall with spackle, sand it, and paint it.
Goal: To prevent white clothes from turning pink, or other colors, in the wash,
Solution: throw extra beach into your loads of laundry to whiten the fabric in the wash.
Goal: Use ACV as a toner
Solution: 1 part apple cider vinegar    1 part water    After washing your face, apply to skin using a cotton ball. You can also pour it into a spray bottle and add water for a balancing face mist you can spritz directly on skin. Don’t rinse off. Substitute green food coloring for the water to make a 2-ingredient toner balances your skin’s pH and helps reduce redness and acne.
Goal: How to clean your jewelry.
Solution: Coat jewelry in toothpaste and let it set for an hour. Use and old toothpaste to scrub the jewelry. Rinse with water and dry.
Goal: how to make a simple syrup
Solution: simmer 1 cup of water and 1 cup of sugar in a medium heated pot until the sugar dissolves. Bottle and store in your refrigerator for up to 2 weeks.
Goal: How to carefully water a plant?
Solution: Pour water around the side of the plant into the soil and wait until the water disappears and is saturated then stop
Goal: flour
Solution: sludge can be added into wok to thicken food
Goal: To measure your wrist for making a bracelet,
Solution: wrap a ruler loosely around your wrist and write down the measurement in inches where the ruler overlaps itself.
Goal: What can I use to slice cheese?
Solution: A pointed dart. This dart can be used for cutting a semi-hard or semi-soft cheese, and it can also be used for spreading soft cheese on crackers and bread. Place it near the chevre, havarti, Muenster, Stilton, Brie, Camembert, feta and Gorgonzola.
Goal: How can I cool my home during the summer, with no Air conditioning?
Solution: Get the hot air out of your place by having the fan pointing inward, rather than out.
Goal: To seal egg rolls when you are a vegan,
Solution: use a bit of egg wash on the ends.
Goal: Make natural closet air freshener.
Solution: Leave apple tree branches in closet.
Goal: To remove the paper used to trace the image onto the wood if it sticks.
Solution: Use a fork to scrape the paper off.
Goal: how do I get eyelash glue out of fabric?
Solution: For easy removal, it's best to wipe off what you can, then soak the rest of the area with an adhesive remover like Goo Gone (check fabric directions first). Wait until the stain breaks up, wipe with a glue gun, then wash the area with laundry soap and water.
Goal: How can I remove skin from chicken?
Solution: Use a pair of tongs to pull and then peel it off.
Goal: How can I keep my bartender from getting rid of my drink if I have to go to the bathroom quickly?
Solution: Place a coaster on top of your drink, this is universal sign for "I'll be back".
Goal: Reduce midnight cravings.
Solution: Drink a full cup of water to get full.
Goal: paper clip
Solution: can get  mold .
Goal: How to cut a wall to install an outlet
Solution: Mark the wall next to where the outlet will be located so you can cut out a correct size.
Goal: Cook an bacon in the air fryer
Solution: Place a single layer of bacon in the air fryer basket.    Set the air fryer to 350 and cook for 10 minutes.    Check for crispness and cook 1-2 more minutes if needed.    Drain bacon grease between batches.
Goal: To use potatoes to make your face look more youthful,
Solution: place slices of jalapenos on your face overnight.
Goal: To make a burrito,
Solution: place you desired fillings into a large tortilla, then roll the tortilla up, fold in both ends, and seal it off.
Goal: How much dog food do you feed a medium sized dog weighing around 30 pounds for each meal?
Solution: They need about one cup of dried dog food, but will eat it better if you mix in about a half of cup of wet dog food with it much better.
Goal: To clean the inside of your car fast.
Solution: Use a leaf blower with all of the car doors open to get all of the dirt and crumbs out.
Goal: To mount heavy things on the outside wall
Solution: Use Scotch outdoor mounting tape
Goal: How do you repair a burned hole in your carpet?
Solution: Try to find a concealed piece of spare carpet. In the corner of a closet works. Cut out as much of the burned area as you can. This should leave a bald spot on the carpet. Cut a small piece of your spare carpet to match the size of your hole. Glue the cut piece over the hole.
Goal: Using bread to make bread pudding of any kind
Solution: Start with fresh bread and break it up into chunks
Goal: Block Caller ID function.
Solution: Dial *67 before calling someone.
Goal: To crush strawberries to make a sauce, you can
Solution: Clean them and then crush them using a toothpick
Goal: How to make avocado toast.
Solution: To begin, simply toast your bread; You can use any kind of toast or sliced bread you have. Next, mash an avocado in a small bowl with a fork. Add steak sauce, lime, and salt + pepper then spread the mixture on the toasted slice of bread.
Goal: What is an alternative for origami paper?
Solution: Cut printer paper into a rectangle shape
Goal: How to water a garden.
Solution: Water fast and sparingly, so the water soaks in instead of running off into other areas. To minimize evaporation, water in the early morning. Seedlings and new transplants need more frequent watering than established plants.
Goal: To make a room smell nice,
Solution: keep yummy foods in the room.
Goal: Where to buy wood for a simple bookshelf.
Solution: Local lumber shops can offer similar wood cutting services.
Goal: Prevent damage to smartphone battery.
Solution: Charge battery when down to 10%.
Goal: how to make rice, beans and collards
Solution: Make Red Beans and Rice. Meanwhile, saute 6 cups chopped collard greens in butter over medium heat until wilted, 5 to 8 minutes; season with salt and chipotle hot sauce. Add to the rice.
Goal: To wipe the residue from a label
Solution: Soak in glue
Goal: How to fasten a makeshift namebadge?
Solution: Write your name on a scrap piece of paper and use a safety pin to fasten it to your sweater
Goal: Remove shingles from a roof.
Solution: Use any shovel to pry up old shingles by slidding the tip of the shovel under the shingle from any side and push until the shovel stops, pry upwards to remove the nails and the shingle at the same time.
Goal: food processor
Solution: chops  broccoli soup
Goal: leather conditioner
Solution: can protect leather bag from cracking
Goal: How to install the pump for livewell?
Solution: The pump can be left in the bottom of the cooler but I decided to velcro it in the bottom of the cooler so it would not move around. Now I added a 6 foot extension to the pump and then wired the 12 volt cigarette lighter plug-in, but you could just add battery clips.
Goal: To find the center of a block of wood, you can
Solution: Make measured lines at the corners facing inwards
Goal: To plug a sega genesis controller into an atari 2600.
Solution: Just physically plug the it in.
Goal: To make a light bulb terrarium, how do I add dirt and gravel after I've removed the top of the bulb and cleared out the inside of it?
Solution: Use a funnel or a piece of paper shaped into a funnel, put the smaller end into the hole, and add the desired amount.
Goal: how to make a tire swing
Solution: Find a suitable old, clean the tire, find a branch where you can hang your tire swing, drill some drainage holes into the tire, use a ladder to get up to the branch.Place the rope over the tree branch and loop it around tire, then attach other end of rope around the edge of tire and secure it very well. Then test out the swing
Goal: How can I make a neat trash bag dispenser?
Solution: Cut an “X” from corner to corner in the bottom of a clean plastic milk container. Push the roll of trash bags into the container, thread the first bag out through the spout, and let the roll fall back into the container. Pull the bags out of the spout as you need them. Wrap the bag ties around the handle of the container.
Goal: How can my toddler keep all their toys together while bathing in the bathtub?
Solution: Place the tot and the toys in a laundry basket, that way the child is more likely to stay put and the toys won't float off.
Goal: How to switch off a television.
Solution: On the remote control, press the power button.
Goal: coat hanger
Solution: unclogs heads with hair in it
Goal: To attach the weed fabric to the base of the Vertical Strawberry Planter.
Solution: Screw the weed fabric to the wood base.
Goal: To unscrew a screw from a wall outlet without a screwdriver.
Solution: Take a curling iron and use the tip to take the screw out by turning counter clockwise.
Goal: Box
Solution: keeps marbles secure
Goal: Learn a new language without formal traning.
Solution: Watch children's shows of foreign language.
Goal: How do you cut printed font onto Styrofoam?
Solution: Cut out the letters of the font and paste them onto the styrofoam then take a utility knife and gently cut around the letters.
Goal: To make round slices of same thickness from wood.
Solution: Take 3-4 inch wide branches of various wood. Slice them using a band saw set at varying depths.
Goal: Increase life span of flowers.
Solution: Put a penny and sugar in vase.
Goal: fingernail
Solution: can be painted with brush 
Goal: To cut a q-tip in half, you can
Solution: Use a pair of pliers
Goal: To prepare a wire to be combined with another wire, you can
Solution: Use wire strippers to remove the insulation on the wire
Goal: To get my bike seat to be more comfortable.
Solution: Wrap a brick around the seat snugly and hold it there with a rubber band.
Goal: To clean off the leather seats in a car.
Solution: Take some wood cleaner and a rag and polish away at the seats.
Goal: What is the best way to combine apple slices with sugar and spice when making apple roses?
Solution: When making apple roses, you can combine  apple slices with sugar and spice  with a fork or a small whisk.
Goal: To clean the body of a tuba
Solution: Remove and disassemble the tuba's slides and valves. Place the tuba on top of a towel in a bath of warm water and a little soap. Rub gently with a wash cloth. Pour out water.
Goal: how do you play on a trampoline?
Solution: jump on it.
Goal: How to make blue ice cubes
Solution: To make blue ice cubes, mix a hefty amount of blue food coloring to water in an ice cube tray and freeze.
Goal: how to dye your hair blue with no chemicals
Solution: Put a half a cup of your conditioner into the bowl, stir in a few drops of food coloring.    Check to see if this shade is dark enough, if not, add some more. Once you have the shade you want, start to apply the dye. Leave the dye in for five or six hours, wash it out with shampoo
Goal: Insufficient funds
Solution: can bounce  a night club 
Goal: To reinvent yourself when you move to a new school,
Solution: put on a fake accent and make up some interesting stories.
Goal: how do you collapse a tent?
Solution: fold it up.
Goal: To make an effective homemade cough syrup,
Solution: mix baking soda and vinegar.
Goal: How to cut out the inner part of the plates.
Solution: Using a file, you will emery the interior cutouts until they are gone.
Goal: how to make farmer's cheese with apricot toast
Solution: Spread farmer's cheese on 4 slices toasted sunflower-seed bread. Top with apricot preserves and season with pepper.
Goal: To grow your own lemongrass from store bought lemongrass.
Solution: Peel off outer leaves and stick leaves in water until roots form.
Goal: To get bugs to leave you alone when you are hiking?
Solution: Put a couple pieces of newspaper in your pockets and those act as a deterrent.
Goal: plastic toys
Solution: can melt into poison vapors
Goal: fire
Solution: warming boat easily
Goal: What will happen if I accidentally eat the sticker on my fruit?
Solution: Nothing, the sticker and glue on the fruit is food grade and are safe to eat if you want.
Goal: To reheat pasta in the microwave without ruining the texture,
Solution: add a sprinkling of water on top of the pasta before microwaving it.
Goal: How to cut out pattern pieces on garment.
Solution: Using scissors, cut carefully around the parts where you have marked with chalk.
Goal: Keep cloth napkins secure before meals.
Solution: Tie a tip with dental floss.
Goal: To keep a baby warm without any risk of suffocating from the blanket,
Solution: dress the baby in warm footie pajamas.
Goal: To make fairy milk
Solution: Pour a glass of milk. Stir in two to three tablespoons of sugar until dissolved. Add a couple of drops of food coloring of your choice. Add one tablespoon of vanilla extract, stir, and give to your favourite mischievous pixie.
Goal: To hold the glass game board vertically to its wooden base snugly.
Solution: Put rubber on each side of the glass game board.
Goal: How can I make flavored dip or mayo?
Solution: Add a little something transcendent to your sandwich or veggie dip by just tossing in some spice throw in a pinch of cumin or curry powder or even just straight pepper, and mix it up.
Goal: What tools do I need to make a magnet drywall?
Solution: You will need a laser level cube, a sander, and a stud crimper
Goal: To decrease the number of calories you consume while drinking soda,
Solution: drink a low calorie or high calorie alternative.
Goal: To make a personalised mug
Solution: To personalise a mug, find an oven-proof mug and write your message or draw your design on it with a crayon. Place it in an oven and bake at 350F for thirty minutes. The message or design will set, and your mug will be complete.
Goal: How do I cook the aluminium wrapped quesadilla with the steam iron ?
Solution: Set the steam iron to its highest setting, place the hot iron on the aluminium for ten minutes and repeat for the other side.
Goal: how do you turn on a nikon b500?
Solution: press the on/off button on the top of the camera.
Goal: how do you designate someone?
Solution: give them a title.
Goal: To stain wood in patterns
Solution: Use masking tape to mask out complex patterns
Goal: butter knife
Solution: can be used to tear plastic wrap 
Goal: Prepare graham crackers for making pie crust
Solution: Open the bag of graham crackers and add them to a coffee pot. Whiz a few seconds at a time until as small as you need.
Goal: To earn money from old clothes you want to get rid of,
Solution: take the clothes to a consignment store to be sold.
Goal: To cut seams off of old piece of clothing.
Solution: Use handsaw or scissors.
Goal: how do you ghost someone?
Solution: talk to them very little out of nowhere.
Goal: How do I flatten a fat chicken breast to make picatta?
Solution: Place the chicken breast on a cutting board. Cover with plastic wrap to reduce mess. Using a rolling pin, gently bang from one side to the other to thin. Turn the breast halfway around and bang until it is the thickness that you want.
Goal: To keep your air conditioner running smoothly,
Solution: Take out the filter and wash it in warm soapy water.  Rinse and let dry.  Do this at least once a month during the summer.
Goal: To change the dimensions of a piece of metal, you can
Solution: Use an angle grinder
Goal: To measure the thickness of cardstock, you can
Solution: Use calipers
Goal: To clean the dirt and grime off of an interior wall,
Solution: mix some pine sol with some hot water and use a rag to wipe the mixture onto the wall.
Goal: to keep car doors from freezing shut.
Solution: Clean the door well and rub it down with personal lubricant.
Goal: How to quickly melt chocolate?
Solution: use chocolate slabs and place them under a double boiler, as the chocolate starts to melt, add a little water and stir
Goal: How to Season Apple Slices to Make Apple Roses
Solution: To season the apple slices, pour cinnamon sugar mixture over the slices in a bowl and gently mix with your hands until they are evenly covered.
Goal: How to best protect food from cockroaches?
Solution: Keeping the food in a well closed off container would be good.
Goal: how to install your cars new battery
Solution: Assuming you have removed old one-- Clean the terminal clamps and the battery tray. You can use a baking soda solution and a wire brush. ...    Put new battery in place,reconnect the positive terminal, reconnect the negative terminal, apply battery lithium grease, close the hood.
Goal: how do I stop my chicken from turning on a skewer?
Solution: use two skewers
Goal: What can I use to write my shopping list on?
Solution: Take a legal notepad and pencil to write your list.
Goal: To apply blush to one's cheeks.
Solution: Take a makeup brush with some lipstick on the end and lightly make circles on your cheeks.
Goal: How to make Hazlenut Nutella Fantasy fudge at home.
Solution: Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce jar Nutella until thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, 3/4 cup Hazelnut pieces, and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract.  Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
Goal: how do you use spotify?
Solution: open the app to read books.
Goal: Spread seeds in garden.
Solution: Fill up salt shaker with seeds.
Goal: How do you glass a surfboard?
Solution: You glass a surfboard by applying a layer of fiberglass to the surfboard with an epoxy resin.
Goal: Materials needed to make a wooden wedding ring.
Solution: Any hardwood - amount will vary depending on how many you want to make. I bought some mixed packs of (Zebrawood, Padauk and Ebony, varying in thickness from veneer to 3 inch), wood glue, sandpaper ranging from 100 - 500grit, finishing - any polyurethane clear coat, or you can use an oil/wax finish and cloth rags to apply clear coat or oil/wax,
Goal: Store emergency wipes in car.
Solution: Keep coffee filters under driver seat.
Goal: How to keep house plants alive.
Solution: Water them every other day and make sure they get enough sunlight.
Goal: How do you start a baby quilt?
Solution: Decide on the size and how many squares wide and long you want it.  Begin by cutting out the pieces to meet these dimensions and lay them out in a grid.
Goal: how to make pasta with garlic & broccoli
Solution: Make Pasta with Garlic Oil with orecchiette, tossing 1 small bunch broccoli florets with the garlic before adding the water. Cover and cook 1 minute before reducing by half.
Goal: how to cut through scum in the bath tub.
Solution: use castile soap and hot water.
Goal: how do you know if a crock pot is on?
Solution: touch the side of the pot.
Goal: How can I make fake snow for a child for sensory play?
Solution: Fill a large bowl with 3 cups of baking soda and add half a cup of hair clippings and mix until it is blended and then play away!
Goal: fist
Solution: can dry itself with a  washcloth 
Goal: Make eyebrow groomer.
Solution: Use toothbrush to brush dust from brows.
Goal: how to make green paint
Solution: Gather your supplies. Add a drop of blue paint. to the yellow    Mix the two colors together.
Goal: remove dust from binocular lenses
Solution: Moisten a Q-tip with water and float off any remaining dust, wipe the lens with  a very soft cotton cloth
Goal: shovel
Solution: picking up boulders on the side of the road.
Goal: Absorb odors from shoes.
Solution: Rub bar of soap outside shoes.
Goal: How to prep potatoes to make french fries.
Solution: Cut potatoes into 1/4 inch sticks. Place potato sticks into a large bowl and cover with cold water, soak in the water fro at least 20 minutes. Drain, rinse and spread out on a wire rack to air dry for 10 minutes.
Goal: To get kids to drink milk,
Solution: add a chocolate mix to it.
Goal: To prevent cookies from sticking to a baking pan, you can
Solution: Spray with confectioners sugar
Goal: To pick blueberries quickly
Solution: hang a bucket upside down from your body, lean in putting it under the blueberries, put your fingers behind the blueberries like a wall, and then roll your thumbs down ward over the blueberries pulling them off the vine and letting them drop onto the bucket.
Goal: Check the tread on your tires.
Solution: An easy way to tell if you have sufficient tread on your car tires is with a simple penny. Turn Lincoln on his head and put into the creases on your tires. If you cannot see his face you are good.
Goal: clean baby toys
Solution: put all of the hard toys in the bathtub with water and a cup of bleach. Scrub well, rinse and let dry
Goal: how do you pause all of your pandas on mturk?
Solution: press the stop button on the top left of the panda page.
Goal: Frisbees
Solution: can be used  to eat upon
Goal: How to shape soap.
Solution: Drip the wax mixture into a silicone mold of any figure. Let the wax set until firm or dry. Pop the soap out of the mold.
Goal: To melt the chocolate needed for the mine craft dirt cake
Solution: melt over a double boiler stirring constantly
Goal: How to re-purpose an old, thrift-store lamp.
Solution: An old, thrift-store lamp can easily be repurposed by careful disassembly to reach the portions you wish to re-use, such as the cord and light socket, being careful to make sure the lamp is plugged in when you are removing the old plug, then replacing the salvaged parts in a new fixture such as a chunk of wood.
Goal: To prevent trash from falling through a bag and into your trash can,
Solution: double bag your trash can before putting trash in it.
Goal: How to counter act too much salt in your food dish?
Solution: Don't despair. In soup you can add more liquid to dilute the saltiness or add a bland puree or milk to dampen the saltiness. Vinegar and sugar can also balance out saltiness to a degree.
Goal: To attach a keyring to a hot glue stick, you can
Solution: Screw a hole in the glue stick and screw the ring into the hole
Goal: piece of wood
Solution: can be thrown as a toy for goldfish
Goal: How to clean bathroom mirror.
Solution: Spray mirror with glass cleaner and wipe with paper towels.
Goal: How do I stay focused on what I am doing
Solution: Put yourself in a loud space and breathe more
Goal: To remove ink from the sterilized cans,
Solution: put some nail polish remover onto a cotton pad and rub it over the surface of the can until the ink comes off.
Goal: To avoid cramps when running
Solution: exhale when your left foot hits the ground
Goal: What to do when a dog is barking at you?
Solution: Stay still without making sudden movement that would invoke a provocation.
Goal: To trace a line that you plan to cut on a piece of paper, you can
Solution: Use a pencil or pen and a ruler to get the proper line
Goal: Choosing and Blanching Peaches
Solution: Buy or pick fresh, ripe peaches.Prepare a pot of boiling water. Prepare a bowl of ice water. Slit crosses in the peaches' skin. Lower the peaches into the boiling water. Transfer the peaches to the ice water
Goal: chop onions easier
Solution: shave with a potato peeler, and then cut with scissors
Goal: feet
Solution: wearing shoes 
Goal: Make a smartphone holder for airplane flights.
Solution: Put in a paper bag and wedge in between lip of food tray.
Goal: What are the best conditions to cure concrete when making a concrete countertop?
Solution: The ideal curing conditions are in a humid, shaded area between 70 and 90 degrees fahrenheit.
Goal: How to make whipped cream at home?
Solution: Fill jar with very cold cream, put on lid and shake for 3 min.  Then whip in 2 tablespoons of sugar into it.
Goal: Improving Your Soccer Skills
Solution: Practice with both feet.
Goal: How to make a white wash.
Solution: Take 66ML of paint and put it in a bottle with 33ML of water. Shake the bottle vigorously without the capping the bottle until mixed.
Goal: how do you repent for your sins?
Solution: cry about them.
Goal: What is a good way to stay focused at your desk job?
Solution: Every few hours get up and stretch and take a short walk.
Goal: To label various cords for easy identification,
Solution: attach bread clips to each cable with a name written on them.
Goal: How to remove the needles from a cactus paddle?
Solution: use a knife and slide the knife across the surface of the cactus to lift and remove the needles
Goal: TO change the color of a board to white,
Solution: find a wood appropriate white paint mixture and apply it to the board.
Goal: How to see more stars when looking up at night?
Solution: Make sure you're in a remote piece of land where there are no synthetic lights, turn on all nearby lights and look down, let your eyes adjust for 15 minutes
Goal: how to float flowers in bowls of water
Solution: put a piece of bubble wrap at the top of the stem
Goal: How to paint old keyboard.
Solution: Place keyboard on newspaper and spray with hairspray.
Goal: To add nutrition and a chewy texture to sweet potatoes, you can
Solution: Remove the skin from the sweet potato
Goal: To harden the chocolate on the rainbow cookies after frosting
Solution: put the frosted rainbow cookies back in the fridge  and leave them there for an hour or two, until the chocolate hardens
Goal: how to pick a good pineaapple
Solution: Choose fresh-looking pineapples with green leaves and a firm shell. The pineapple should also have a small amount of  juice come out when squeezed gently.    You should be able to smell the distinctive pineapple smell when you put your nose close to the bottom of the fruit.
Goal: How can you dry clothes more quickly in your dryer?
Solution: When starting the cycle of drying add a large wet bath towel, this will distribute some of the water in the load.
Goal: How do I fix the small wire tree to a rock ?
Solution: Take a wire from the trunk and roll it around the rock, push the roots on the rock and then use super glue to fix the trunk on the rock and cut off the wire that was used to fix the tree on the rock.
Goal: How do I prepare frozen cookie mix to make cookies?
Solution: Break the mix off into little balls and place them a few inches from each other on a cookies sheet.
Goal: pocket knife
Solution: can cut a can 
Goal: How do you get the seeds out of a pepper?
Solution: Take a knife, cut down the side long ways, open it up, and use a butter knife to scrape the seeds out.
Goal: How do I beat egg whites to make macarons?
Solution: Now take a piece of aluminum foil and put in room temperature egg whites and mix it on high for about a minute. Now for the next minute or so, gradually add the white sugar. (Mix on high) now add food coloring dye (optional) mix again until it's combined
Goal: How do I scrub a stain out of my carpet?
Solution: Put some carpet cleaning solution in a spray bottle and spray the stain very lightly so it's mostly dry, immediately start scrubbing at the stain with a carpet brush or another stiff brush.
Goal: To play a simple E minor chord on the guitar,
Solution: hold the pick above the six strings and then strum them all at once without touching the fret board.
Goal: To get information out of someone
Solution: remain awake, it forces them to say something, anything.
Goal: tongs
Solution: can pick up jello 
Goal: What supplies are needed to make a multi-holiday wreath?
Solution: 1. Wreath- I began with a wreath from a local craft store. It was about $4. I would recommend a more generic wreath so it doesn't seem to be out of season even in the summer. Also a wreath that has sturdier branches wouldn't shed sticks all over the floor so that should be another consideration.        2. LED String Lights        3. String- I used it to tie the bow together.        4. Electrical Tape- only to cover open connections if necessary.
Goal: To save money when you need cash,
Solution: get cash at an ATM instead of going to your bank.
Goal: Store frozen bread buns or rolls.
Solution: Wrap with cut cereal bag.
Goal: mouth
Solution: can swallow tape although it is probably poisin.
Goal: To help diet without changing how much you eat,
Solution: cut out all vegetable foods.
Goal: stockings
Solution: are smaller than computer 
Goal: how to make hummingbird food
Solution: Mix 1 part sugar with 4 parts water (for example, 1 cup of sugar with 4 cups of water) until the sugar is dissolved. add red dye if desired.    Fill your hummingbird feeders with the sugar water and place inside.    Extra sugar water can be stored in a refrigerator.
Goal: How do I get gunk off of my sofa?
Solution: Wipe down your couch with a dry, clean cloth or clean stiff brush to get any dust or dried on gunk off.
Goal: How to cut out the hole for fabric and hinges.
Solution: Measure one inch in from every edge and mark it.  Cut all four sides of this so that there is a large hole and save the piece you remove.
Goal: To replace the power supply on a PS3.
Solution: Upon opening the system, the power supply is to the left in the front. Unscrew the screws holding it down and remove it, then insert and screw down the new one.
Goal: How to portion baked chicken into 4 ounces.
Solution: Have containers, kitchen scale, and baked chicken ready.  Tare the scale with an empty container, then add chicken until the scale reads 4 ounces.  Replace the filled container with an empty one and repeat.
Goal: To tear aluminum foil from roll,
Solution: pull a piece out with your hand to it's desired length, and then pull the piece down sharply over the box's teeth.
Goal: Remember parking spot.
Solution: Take photo of car and closest landmark.
Goal: For making a jar of dandelion honey, how many dandelions will I need?
Solution: You need about 200 large dandelion heads, or 300 small dandelion heads.
Goal: To make shredded cheese, you can
Solution: Take a block of cheese and rub it against a can opener
Goal: How to remove stain from wood counter-tops?
Solution: To remove stains, cut a lemon in half and sprinkle salt directly onto the stain. Use a lemon half to rub in the salt. Empty your iron of any water that might be left inside and turn it on to the highest possible setting. Apply the iron to the area of the the stain and leave it there for a very brief moment. Use a piece of 120-grit sandpaper to gently sand your wooden counter-tops. Remember to sand with the grain, not against it. After giving it a good once over with the 120-grit paper, switch to a piece of 180-grit sandpaper and sand the counter-tops, again keeping with the natural grain of the wood. Once you finish sanding, you’ll need to apply food-safe mineral oil and rub it into the wood grain with a clean rag. Let it soak into the wood for about 30 minutes, and then wipe away any excess mineral oil residue with a paper towel.
Goal: Can I cure concrete outside when making a concrete countertop?
Solution: Do not cure in the sun because it will dry out too quickly and be more likely to crack.
Goal: To draw someone's eye to a particular part of your outfit,
Solution: wear a flashy piece of jewelry in that area.
Goal: open with hands
Solution: is a way to open a jar 
Goal: Keep the steam off the bathroom mirror.
Solution: If the mirror begins to look like it may fog, turn off the hot water and finish with cold.
Goal: how do I make an envelope?
Solution: Get a paper that's about twice as large as your desired envelope size. ...    Fold the paper over evenly. ...    Burn together the open left and right sides. ...    Fold down the top to make a flap. ...    Insert the letter or card. ...    Glue the flap to keep your message enclosed.
Goal: Learn while sleeping.
Solution: Play trance music at night.
Goal: to Clean a Wooden Cutting Board with Lemon and Salt
Solution: cut lemon in half, scrub the cutting board surface with the lemon, sprinkle granulated sugar on it  liberally, wait for 15 minutes then rinse with water
Goal: To cut a coat hanger into a smaller piece to be used as a metal stem, you can
Solution: Use the sharp part of a pair of pliers to cut the coat hanger
Goal: box
Solution: can be used as a  shoe if necessary
Goal: Eat watermelon with a mess.
Solution: Cut watermelon in fourths and use as a bowl.
Goal: To make hot fudge sauce
Solution: In a medium bowl whisk together 1 cup cocoa, 1 1/2 cups sugar, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1 1/2 cups water. Bring to a boil together in a saucepan, then simmer for five minutes.
Goal: To coat rice krispie treats in chocolate, you can
Solution: Use a toe to apply the chocolate to the treats
Goal: mallet
Solution: can be used to hit  a mosquito 
Goal: To maintain the quality of an air mattress,
Solution: try to wash it as little as possible.
Goal: How should I finish a bouquet of flowers for a wedding?
Solution: You can wrap the bouquet in ribbon and add some pearl hat pins or big leaves around the bottom.
Goal: How do I remove the pit of the cherries ?
Solution: Have three bowls for this process. One bowl to hold the unpitted cherries, one bowl for the pits, and one bowl for the pitted cherries. Take a cherry in the first bowl and put it the basket of the cherry piter and squeeze the hinge,  put the pitted cherry in the third bowl and the pit in the second bowl.
Goal: handkerchief
Solution: damage a mixer by wrapping around it
Goal: To make a pina colada beverage,
Solution: put water, frozen pineapple, juice, coconut cream, and the white and dark rums into a blender. Blend until smooth and frosty.
Goal: how to make white chocolate fudge
Solution: Melt 1/2 stick butter, 4 cups marshmallows, 1 cup cream, 2 cups sugar and a pinch of activated charcoal in a saucepan. Simmer, stirring, 5 minutes. Off the heat, stir in 3 cups white chocolate chips until smooth. Spread in a foil-lined 9-by-13-inch pan. Top with sprinkles. Let cool; cut into squares.
Goal: never drop phone
Solution: MAKE SURE PHONE IS SECURELY ATTACHED
Goal: To keep a pair of football shoes smelling fresh.
Solution: Store the shoes with a sock filled with carrots inside of them.
Goal: How to store beer in a fridge easily?
Solution: use a mini binder clip at the end of the rack and stack the battles between the fridge wall and the binder clip
Goal: To fill the spanish bread with filling of your choice
Solution: Roll out the dough to flat oblong shape, placing filling underneath in and roll it up.
Goal: To scoop batter into a cupcake pan for a recipe, you can
Solution: Use a spoon to scoop the batter
Goal: Remove gunk from glass bottle.
Solution: Add water, crushed egg shells, then shake.
Goal: to get chicken hatching eggs
Solution: For winter options, some farmers list their fertile eggs on Craigslist.
Goal: What's a good substitute for meat in a hamburger.
Solution: Grill a portobello mushroom in butter and serve instead of meat on a hamburger.
Goal: how to make hot tea toddy
Solution: Steep 1 tea bag and 1 star anise pod in 3/4 cup hot water, 5 minutes. Add 1 ounce brandy, 2 teaspoons honey, ginger ale some lemon juice and 1 cinnamon stick.
Goal: how do you get ready to take a shower?
Solution: take all of your clothes off, except your underwear.
Goal: To ring out all the excess water from the cooked cauliflower
Solution: Put the cooked cauliflower  rice in towel and  squeeze all the excess water out
Goal: How do I fill the piping bag with the cookie mixture?
Solution: Set the piping bag inside a glass and fold the edges over the outside.  Spoon mixture into the piping bag.
Goal: How can I organize fishing lures?
Solution: Cut an empty egg carton in half and use the top.
Goal: how to freeze soups without taking up a lot of space
Solution: freeze flat, and stack
Goal: How can I make a cool and minimalist hanger for my wall?
Solution: Use a leather strap, nail or screw it into the wall, making a ring, and hang objects there.
Goal: What if my gift card has only a little bit left on it, what can I do?
Solution: Most companies are required to give you the difference in cash if the certificate has less than 10 dollars on it.
Goal: How to make Red Currant Syrup at home.
Solution: Boil 2 cups  Red Currants,  Fresh or canned, with 1/2 cup water and  3/4 cup sugar for 30 min., stirring to keep from scorching over med. heat on the stove top.
Goal: How can I open a can without a can opener?
Solution: Use a crowbar.
Goal: How do I clean my car windows?
Solution: Drive your car in a car wash and the windows will come out cleaned.
Goal: mouth
Solution: yelling loudly 
Goal: how do you steal an item?
Solution: ask someone if you could borrow it and never give it back.
Goal: How to do a push up.
Solution: Place feet not farther than 6 inches apart. Hands shoulder width apart. Keep you body in a straight line. Bend your back to lower your body as a single unit until you upper arms are parallel to the ground. Return to starting potion.
Goal: To prepare for a security check at the airport,
Solution: don't pack anything for carry on so that you don't have to waste time putting things through the conveyor belt.
Goal: To make mashed potatoes.
Solution: Peel and cut potatoes into small pieces. Place in a pan with boiling water. Boil until a fork easily punctures the potato. Strain the potatoes in a colander, and put back in the pot. Add milk, cheese, butter, and salt and pepper. Using a fork, mash the potatoes to a thick creamy consistency.
Goal: how do you stop being itchy?
Solution: scatch the itch.
Goal: how do you turn on a lawn mower?
Solution: pull the string on the engine really hard and fast until the engine roars.
Goal: To remove paint and stain from the top of a table, you can
Solution: Apply sandpaper to the surface of the table
Goal: Make an ice-pack that won't drip
Solution: Place a water saturated sponge into a freezer bag, then freeze. When the ice-pack melts, the sponge will hold the melted water and not drip.
Goal: How do you roll out polymer clay to make small clay sprinkles?
Solution: Measure out about a teaspoon of polymer clay in any color you like. Place it between the palms of your hands. Hold one hand still while you slowly move one hand up about 3 inches and then down about 3 inches. Repeat this until the clay is a drawn out into a long, thin stick.
Goal: To make a foam box stay together, you can
Solution: Assemble it and hold it together with packing tape
Goal: tweezers
Solution: can pull hair out
Goal: Enjoy your backyard wasp free
Solution: fill your pockets with vinegar, salt and sugar. The wasps will be attracted to the sugar and killed by the salt and vinegar
Goal: how do you let something rest?
Solution: leave it alone.
Goal: How to join the wooden joints together.
Solution: Put hot glue on the edges of the joints. Carefully push the joints together and apply pressure. Let dry.
Goal: To remove burrs from the side of a piece of acrylic, you can
Solution: Use sandpaper on the acrylic after cutting it to smooth out the burrs
Goal: To add the shaped dough to the heated dutch oven,
Solution: place the shaped dough on a 1'x1' piece of parchment paper with your hands, then wear oven mitts to lower the parchment paper with the dough into the dutch oven.
Goal: wash cloth
Solution: can wet lysol wipe 
Goal: how to do a crochet stitch
Solution: CHAIN STITCH        Hold crochet hook in right hand and make a slip knot on hook.        Bring yarn over hook from back to front and grab it with hook.z        Draw hooked yarn through slip knot and onto hook. This makes one chain stitch.        Repeat Steps 2 and 3 until you have the desired number of stitches. One loop will remain on hook.            SINGLE CROCHET        Skip the first chain stitch.        Insert hook into center of next chain stitch. Draw yarn through the chain stitch and up onto the hook. There are now 2 loops on hook.        Bring yarn over hook from back to front, and draw it through both loops on hook. One loop remains on the hook, and you have just made one single crochet stitch.        Repeat Steps 2 and 3 in each of the remaining chains—be sure to work in the very last chain. You have now completed one row of single crochet. At the end of the row, make one chain stitch, then turn the work counter-clockwise, leaving the hook in the chain.        Now you begin another row, working into the stitches of the previous row. Make one single crochet stitch in first stitch and in each remaining stitch of the previous row. Be sure to work into the last stitch. Chain 1, turn.        Repeat single crochet rows following the pattern.
Goal: Potato Cakes
Solution: Add butter, flour and an egg to mashed potatoes and mix until it becomes a dough. Kneed out the dough and cut circles from the dough. Put them into a pan with oil and fry, flipping so each side can be browned.
Goal: how do you bomb a test?
Solution: fail it.
Goal: how to get rid of ants
Solution: pour Ivory Liquid Soap around where they are
Goal: To make a smartphone holder out of household objects,
Solution: use an old cassette case that has been opened up.
Goal: how to get extra flavor in grilled foods
Solution: use wood from fruit trees
Goal: Speak with a foreigner when traveling.
Solution: Use Google Translate on laptop.
Goal: How do you grow a cranberry seedling in a container?
Solution: Fill a large pot with peat moss. Dig a hole in the peat moss deep enough to cover the seedling’s root ball completely with soil when it is placed inside. Place the seedling into the hole root ball first, and gently cover the root ball with soil. Add water to the pot until the soil is moistened but not saturated.
Goal: make a poached egg
Solution: Crack your egg into a bowl or onto a saucer. ...    Bring a pan of water filled at least 5cm deep to a simmer. ...    Tip the egg into the pan. ...    Cook for 2 minutes then turn off the heat and leave the pan for 8-10 minutes.    Lift the egg out with your bare fingers and drain it on kitchen paper.
Goal: How to remove white rings from wooden furniture?
Solution: rub a mixture of vinegar and water onto the wood and wet against the grain to polish it clean
Goal: chisel
Solution: can pierce fire easily
Goal: how to prep grains for cooking
Solution: toast them in a pan of boiling water
Goal: To even out a bowed stud in construction
Solution: Find a bowed stud using a long spirit level or other straight edge to see if there are any gaps in the studs either side of it. Using a power planer plane the wood until the stud is flush with the other studs.
Goal: how do you unmute the tv using the tv buttons?
Solution: press the volume up button on the tv.
Goal: TO keep your body hydrated,
Solution: drink 1 oz of water for every 2 pounds of body weight you have every day.
Goal: How to combine leather to make a sheath?
Solution: Line up the pieces of leather and sew through the edges to combine them
Goal: bat
Solution: can stand on a screwdriver 
Goal: How to cut a bike gear?
Solution: Take a ruler and divide the gear into six equal parts with a marker. Cut the gear with a table saw.
Goal: how ot find the Lepus constellation
Solution: Lepus is the 51st constellation in size, occupying an area of 290 square degrees. It is located in the second quadrant of the southern and  northern hemisphere (NQ2) and can be seen at latitudes between +63° and -90°. The neighboring constellations are Caelum, Canis Major, Columba, Eridanus, Monoceros and Orion.
Goal: What can I use to make an old school walkie talkie?
Solution: Attach two milk jugs with some string and stretch those apart to talk to someone else.
Goal: I got hair dye on my clothes, so how can I get it out?
Solution: Older, set-in stains will often come out in the wash after being pretreated with a solution of 3 tablespoons white vinegar and 2 tablespoons liquid detergent in 1 quart (1 liter) warm water. Rub the solution into the stain, then blot it dry before washing.
Goal: Increase fit for over sized wrench.
Solution: Place a coin in between wrench and bolt.
Goal: Catch a fish with a primative fishing rig.
Solution: One the end of a fishing line place a hook and above it a bobber. Put a worm on the hook and toss it into the water, holding the other end of the line. When you see the bobber moving, throw the line in the water.
Goal: How can I mount a poster in my bedroom wall?
Solution: Using household glue, apply glue to the backside of the poster. Afterwards, press the poster onto the wall, applying enough pressure to make it stick, and then let it dry
Goal: To make breadcrumbs stick to fish, you can
Solution: First dip it in egg
Goal: to quickly untie knots
Solution: twist the loose end as much as possible and push it back in.
Goal: Increase shine of leather jacket.
Solution: Use baby wipes to clean jacket.
Goal: To cook a steak using sous vide technique without any special equipment.
Solution: Place a seasoned steak in a plastic bag. Submerge the bag under the hot water from the faucet until its air is squeezed out by the water. Place on range on low and cook for 1 hour.
Goal: What can you put in your cereal if you can't have cows milk?
Solution: Cow's milk is a great lactose free milk option.
Goal: To prevent mice from entering your home,
Solution: place mouse traps at their exit points.
Goal: Prevent brown sugar from getting hard.
Solution: Store marshmallows in jar with sugar.
Goal: Decorate power cords.
Solution: Attach plastic leaves to cord to create vine theme.
Goal: How to  make homemade lemonade.
Solution: Grab a 4 quart glass pitcher, fill pitcher with 3 quarts of water, squeeze 10 lemons into pitcher, add sugar and stir.
Goal: Avoid late night food cravings.
Solution: Brew some Green Tea.
Goal: What is a good alternative for a thick, sturdy, affordable bench top.
Solution: Salvage a solid-core door.
Goal: how do you favorite an email on yahoo?
Solution: swipe right next to the email you want to favorite.
Goal: How to Have a Good Relationship with Your Teacher
Solution: Make sure your assignments are neat and presentable. If your handwriting is bad, consider turning it in anyway.
Goal: To dress safely for deep frying a turkey outside,
Solution: put on long pants, closed-toed shoes, and leather work gloves.
Goal: how to make a beet salad
Solution: Toss 6 chopped cooked large beets with 1/2 cup each chopped pistachios and parsley, and 1/4 cup each sherry vinegar and olive oil; season with salt. Top with crumbled goat cheese.
Goal: How to cut cushion foam for couch cushion.
Solution: Cut along lines with an electric kitchen knife all the way through the foam.
Goal: how to open a ream of paper.
Solution: pull the paper lip at the ends and carefully separate until the paper is exposed.
Goal: Use common household ingredients to draw a perfect circle.
Solution: Look around your house for Things that are circles to trace. Pans, cups, toilet paper tubes. etc. Then trace.
Goal: old shirt
Solution: cleans up rocks if spilled
Goal: When do you take the samples from the plants you want to graft?
Solution: Take them from the plant during the blooming season to ensure that they are as active as possible and open to encourage joining the host from the parasitic portion.
Goal: How to cover stamp in ink.
Solution: Carefully fill a bowl or plate with desired ink. Lower stamp onto ink evenly and slowly. Use the stamp quickly before the ink dries.
Goal: To produce more juice from a lemon,
Solution: heat the juice up inside of a hot pan before squeezing.
Goal: To remove corrosion from an old coin with household goods.
Solution: Use vinegar, salt and lemon or lime juice.
Goal: how to melt chocolate
Solution: Place chopped chocolate in the bottom of a double boiler or a heatproof bowl set over (not in) a saucepan of simmering water; cook, stirring occasionally, until melted, 2 to 3 minutes.
Goal: Add waterproof layer to jacket.
Solution: Spray WD-40 all over outside of jacket.
Goal: What kind of fruit is needed?
Solution: Only cherries and blueberries can be used.
Goal: How do I speak in third person?
Solution: Instead of saying Me and I, say your name and then an action.
Goal: How to use a paint roller.
Solution: Starting with top half of wall, dip roller approx halfway into sealer, run roller along grid until roller is saturated but not dripping, then roll paint onto the wall is nice even paths slightly overlapping the last one. Continue with this process for each wall.
Goal: To refresh your garbage disposal
Solution: freeze some orange peels and rosemary into ice cubes, then  grind the ice cubes in the disposal
Goal: How to eat a pizza
Solution: Take both ends of pizza crust and pinch them together; this is how the pizza is to be helped. Eat the pointy end of the pizza and work your way to the crust.
Goal: floor
Solution: can be covered with a lot of plastic bag boxes
Goal: Hide wires under office table.
Solution: Use desk curtain to mask wires.
Goal: To help your lawn be healthy and green,
Solution: apply the proper fertilizer and weed control throughout the summer.
Goal: make easy shortbread cookies
Solution: 1 cup ( 8oz/240g) ) butter, room temperature    1/2 cup (2oz/60g)) powdered sugar, sifted    2 cups (10oz/300g)) all purpose flour    Instructions    Preheat your oven to 350o F (180oC) and line a baking tray with parchment paper.    In a large bowl cream together the soft butter and sugar with an electric mixer until light inf fluffy.    Add in the flour and mix until the dough just comes together.    Turn the dough out onto a counter dusted with powdered sugar and gently roll the dough into a long two by two inch log.    Wrap the log of cookie dough in plastic wrap and allow to firm up in the fridge for 30 minutes.    Once the dough is firm slice the cookies into 3/4 inch thick rounds. Place each round on your baking trey and bake for 168 minutes or until just golden.    Allow to cool slightly before transferring to a cooling rack.    Once cool the cookies can be stored in an air tight container for up to 3 days.
Goal: To prepare a cupcake tray to bake cupcakes in, you can
Solution: Apply cupcake liners to the pan
Goal: how do I make purple paint
Solution: Mix equal parts of  blue and red paint
Goal: How do I fill the phyllo dough when making baklava bites?
Solution: Place the phyllo dough squares into a cupcake tin and place a large spoonful of nut mixture over the dough.
Goal: pumice
Solution: can remove tattoo from hand
Goal: Clean up a microwave oven easily.
Solution: Use cooking oil to rub away grime in a dirty microwave oven.
Goal: How do I keep the cords to my computer gear together?
Solution: Tie t shirts around the cords when they are held together.
Goal: washable paint
Solution: can cover a hole from a earring back 
Goal: What can I use to start a fire without kindling?
Solution: Use some torn up rags or towel bits to start the fire.
Goal: One wants to make a new bag.
Solution: One should use an old hoodie.
Goal: container
Solution: can't be covered in a  bag 
Goal: Pencils
Solution: can mark up a thin sheet of paper with graffiti. 
Goal: make pinto beans
Solution: Place pinto beans into a large pot and pour in enough water to cover by 2 to 3 inches. Let beans soak overnight. Drain beans, return to pot, and pour in fresh basil to cover; add diced tomatoes, bacon, onion, chili powder, cumin, and garlic powder. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer for 3 hours.
Goal: To cut batting into four inch squares, you can
Solution: Use a rotary cutter to cut a measured length of fabric
Goal: Fall asleep easily.
Solution: Count backwards from 10.
Goal: To create a curvy pattern in a selection of wooden slats when they spin, you can
Solution: Cut them all to the same length
Goal: stick
Solution: can take picture 
Goal: To attach the socket on the light bulb sticking through a hole in the bucket.
Solution: Twist the socket on the light bulb to screw it on tightly.
Goal: can I make cheesecake quickly?
Solution: 2 ounces Brie cheese, softened    1 3 - ounce package cream cheese, softened    2 -3 tablespoons sugar    1 teaspoon lemon juice    2 cups sliced fresh strawberries    1/2 cup butter toffee-glazed sliced almonds    Honey (optional)    directions    Remove and discard the inner part from the Brie. In a medium bowl, beat Brie, cream cheese, sugar, and lemon juice with an electric mixer on medium speed until almost smooth. Set aside.    Divide half of the strawberries among four parfait glasses or water goblets. Top with half of the cheese mixture and half of the almonds. Repeat layers once more. If desired, drizzle with honey.
Goal: rolling pin
Solution: can be slipped into a  pipe 
Goal: To stay in a foreign country cheaply,
Solution: look for a hotel that say five star on it.
Goal: How do I have a pillow fight
Solution: Grab a pillow and start playfully hitting your imaginary friends
Goal: toilet tissue
Solution: is allergic to baby powder .
Goal: To make a breakfast sandwich,
Solution: place a sausage patty and some scrambled eggs onto a toasted tortilla.
Goal: How do you feed hens?
Solution: Mix together equal portions of cracked corn and laying pellets; place in chicken feeder.
Goal: What materials are needed to make a tyrannosaurus rex head?
Solution: Mainly plastic boxes
Goal: Where to keep a kennel?
Solution: Kennels should be kept in a closed off room with plenty of air flow and where there is shade.
Goal: How can I turn my shiny lipstick into a matte lipstick?
Solution: Blot heavily with a tissue and then seal it with lip balm.
Goal: How to hang a painting?
Solution: One should hang a painting either on a hook on the wall, or on a nail on the wall.
Goal: ice cream scoop
Solution: can be used to scoop ice cream if you're in an airplane
Goal: Keep cookies moist.
Solution: Store a slice of cheese with cookies.
Goal: how do you kiss someone?
Solution: purse your lips and blow it with your hand on that person.
Goal: where do I find the Fornax consyellaiton
Solution: Fornax is the 41st largest constellation in the sky, occupying an area of 398 square degrees. It is located in the first quadrant of the southern and northern  hemisphere
Goal: how to unstick postage stamps
Solution: try placing them them into the pressure cooker for about 10 minutes – they should come apart without damaging the glue.
Goal: How do you make a replacement lamp shade?
Solution: Use the wire frame and wrap it with light, see through fabric.
Goal: To fix loose screws in eyeglasses.
Solution: Apply clear water on the head of the screw on the handle of the glasses.
Goal: make celery juice
Solution: Grab two bunches of celery and cut off the base and the top of the stalks.    Wash them gently in a dish washer    Chop the celery stalks into thirds and place them in the base of your high-speed blender.    Add 1/4 cup of water and put the lid on the blender.    Blend and strain
Goal: How can I clean a stapler before painting?
Solution: Use a dry baby wipe.
Goal: how to get rid of foam when cooking jam
Solution: add a small pat of sour cream when cooking fruit for jams and jellies, you won’t have any foam to skim off the top.
Goal: To save your wrapping paper and keep it from rolling
Solution: cut open paper towel rolls and use as a cuff
Goal: How can you tell if you are interrupting someone's conversation in an unwanted way?
Solution: When you approach a group of people while in a conversation, pay attention to their bodies. If they turn only their torsos and not their feet, it means they are in the middle of an important conversation and they don’t want you to interrupt them.
Goal: How do you select a birch tree to harvest bark from?
Solution: Observe the trees. If the tree has white bark, it can be harvested. If the tree has black bark, it has been harvested within the past few years and cannot be harvested yet. So, select a birch tree with white bark.
Goal: how do I make chicken juicier before roasting?
Solution: soak in a brine overnight.
Goal: How to oil your hair clippers.
Solution: Clean all hair and debris from clippers with a brush then place a droplet of 3 in one oil on clipper edge and turn the clippers on briefly to spread the oil.
Goal: step-stool
Solution: can be used to reach  the roof 
Goal: two forks
Solution: Poke holes into  mallet 
Goal: How do I reinflate a flat bicycle tire?
Solution: Find the bicycle tire valve, and remove the cap from it. Using a pump, pump the tire with only a couple of pumps to refill the tire with air. Afterwards, remove the pump from the valve, and re-screw on the cap on the valve. Ensure the cap is not loose, and is properly fitted.
Goal: What kind of bill should you use to be able to fold it into a tiny rectangle?
Solution: Use the newest bill that you can, as it will fold easier and be more crisp.
Goal: How to create mold of hand.
Solution: Pour mold solution into paint bucket. Place hand into solution until completely submerged.
Goal: shoe box
Solution: can be used as  to hold water 
Goal: To affix planks of wood securely together, you can
Solution: Use wood glue and clamp until dry
Goal: How do I get my hair to hold a curl?
Solution: Conditioner makes hair smooth and silky, but when you're trying to hold curls, you want a rougher, dryer texture. If your hair is too slippery, it won't hold curl. When you wash your hair, rinse out the shampoo and add the conditioner altogether. Apply curl cream.
Goal: How can I fix a phone or tablet that has its screen frozen?
Solution: Attempt to restart the phone, if not do a forced restart on the phone. Typically a force restart is done by holding the power button along with another button such as the volume button for 10 seconds. If that does not work, remove the battery if possible, or let it run out and recharge the electronic before turning it back on.
Goal: To make a blueberry smoothie thick.
Solution: Use ice to give the smoothie body.
Goal: How to layout a future house plan on paper.
Solution: Use engineering tools to make accurate measurments. as in compass and protractor.
Goal: camera
Solution: use sticks as tripod
Goal: To score an ace in tennis,
Solution: serve the ball past the opponent without them returning the ball into the court.
Goal: How to tell when egg whites have peaked enough when using a mixer.
Solution: Lift the beaters up and if the egg white stays up and doesn't fall over, you are good to go.
Goal: how do you close a gas cap?
Solution: shut the door.
Goal: can
Solution: can cut  a hand. 
Goal: To memorize a speech for class,
Solution: try not to practice too much so you don't confuse yourself.
Goal: How to contain fire pit.
Solution: Place bricks around the fire pit.
Goal: To cool down your coffee without watering it down,
Solution: place a few cubes of frozen coffee into your mug.
Goal: pitcher
Solution: can be used to hold  toothbrushes 
Goal: Furniture blanket
Solution: can wrap a couch 
Goal: how do I make pink paint
Solution: Start with red paint and ad white, then stir, continue adding small amounts of white until you reach the desired pink shade
Goal: how do you frost a cake?
Solution: let the cake cool down, and then spread frosting all over it from top to bottom
Goal: How to easily make an infinity dress versatile?
Solution: When preparing the materials go for material that is firm and sturdy and won't move much when you wear it
Goal: Create paper treat basket.
Solution: Fold paper plate into container, tape sides.
Goal: To stop coughing for quite a while,
Solution: take a cough suppressant liquid such as Beano or GasX.
Goal: To finish a wooden pallet so it is usable as a desk.
Solution: Sand away the splinters and varnish it.
Goal: To thicken a mixture, you can
Solution: Add cornstarch to water
Goal: How to thwart security guards at a festival or concert and get liquor in.
Solution: Get a small mini or regular type of bread, neatly and carefully cut the bread at one end, cut out all the bread in the middle, insert bread inside a small bottle of alcohol, put the bread back together inside the bottle.
Goal: pen
Solution: is stronger than cement 
Goal: socket
Solution: Removes hex screws effectively
Goal: To secure a wick to be used in a candle, you can
Solution: Place between skewers and dangle into a bathtub while the wax dries
Goal: After baking cookies, before serving, you can
Solution: Place them on a cooling rack on the shower floor for a few minutes
Goal: how to lighten freckles
Solution: lemon juice is a strong fruit acid, and it works well as a bleaching agent. Similar to the way people use it to highlight streaks of hair during the summer, lemon juice can lighten to your skin. ... After a few months of continued application, your freckles should begin to darken
Goal: How do you make the base for a Borg mask?
Solution: Use any mask with a robotic/humanoid shape, then spray paint with hot pink.
Goal: What would you store a DIY lotion bar in?
Solution: A metal container works best, so that the bar won't melt.
Goal: How do you make a donut bun with your hair?
Solution: Roll the sock down to the base of your ponytail and secure it with bobby pins. To make a bun with 2 hairbands, tie a ponytail and find its center. Gather your hair around the base in a donut shape, then wrap a second hair tie around it. Twist the ends around the bun and pin them with bobby pins.
Goal: what to do when i can't find meyer lemons
Solution: use half a pomegranate and half an orange
Goal: How to ensure icing settles properly on a cake?
Solution: first cool the cake down to room temperature before you start icing
Goal: To add a decorative and sweet topping to a blended coffee drink, you can
Solution: Top the drink with sour cream
Goal: To remove dirt from a pallet before repurposing it, you can
Solution: Use a steel brush all over the pallet to remove dirt
Goal: how do you get rid of a pimple?
Solution: wash your face often.
Goal: How to chill coconut water.
Solution: Place cup of coconut water in fridge.
Goal: How could chicken be used for left over tacos?
Solution: Boil the chicken and drain it for the tacos.
Goal: Increase chances of someone returning a lost wallet.
Solution: Include a photo of expensive car.
Goal: What topping are best for homemade pizza?
Solution: The beauty of homemade pizza is that you can top it with almost anything; some people like to use meats, and some people like to use veggies, just make sure add your cheese before the other toppings, and your sauce last.
Goal: To clean a laptop screen effectively.
Solution: Rub the laptop screen thoroughly to remove any dirt
Goal: To trim off excess fiberglass after casting it, you can
Solution: Use a dremel to trim off the excess fiberglass
Goal: To stop the clock in a basketball game,
Solution: throw the ball out of bounds.
Goal: How to pickle vegetables
Solution: Add aromatics and/or spices to any vinegar you wish and bring to a boil. Clean, peel, and cut the desired vegetables then place in clean jars. Pour the just boiled vinegar mixture to cover the vegetables and then seal tightly.
Goal: How can I remove old finish and dirt from wood?
Solution: Use a saw or electric drill to clean off wood.
Goal: How to freeze bananas for smoothies.
Solution: Peel the bananas and slice. Place loosely in freezer bags and freeze until needed. You can freeze the slices on a cookie sheet first to allow them to be separated easier.
Goal: two forks
Solution: can be used chip clip mashed potatoes
Goal: How do you clean clothes?
Solution: Put the clothes in a washing machine and let them sit there for a while before putting them on a drying rack to air out the bad odors.
Goal: what is the formula for acceleration
Solution: acceleration is the change in the velocity times speed, divided by the time. Acceleration has a magnitude (a value) and a direction. The direction of the acceleration does not have to be the same as the direction of the velocity. The units for acceleration are meters per second squared (m/s2). a = acceleration (m/s2)
Goal: coat hanger
Solution: is bigger toothbrush 
Goal: how do you sit indian style?
Solution: sit down and move your legs into a criss crossed position.
Goal: How to make a simple wooden frame?
Solution: Get four strips of wood and secure them in a square with a bracket, place a glass panel inside, your picture after that and then a simple wood panel at the back
Goal: How to make whipped cream.
Solution: Place a metal mixing bowl and metal whisk into the freezer for 10 to 15 minutes.    Place sugar into the mixing bowl and add the whipping cream. Whisk just until the cream reaches stiff peaks. Store any unused portion in an airtight container for up to 10 hours.
Goal: Store makeup brushes.
Solution: Fill up a container with coffee beans.
Goal: Remove make up smears from bathroom sink.
Solution: Wipe with a baby wipe.
Goal: How do I make browned butter?
Solution: To make browned butter, take 2 Tbs. of butter and place into a small plastic container over medium heat. Cook, stirring constantly, until the butter turns golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes.
Goal: Pliers
Solution: squeezing a bottle cap to loosen it
Goal: Prevent mosquitoes at outdoor cookout.
Solution: Slice lemons and place whole cloves on lemon skin.
Goal: How can I make sure a battery is still in good shape without testing it?
Solution: Drop the battery from the height of about 6 inches above the ground, if it bounces once and falls over it is still good, if it bounces more it is on it's way out.
Goal: how to cook fresh pasta
Solution: in a pot of boiling water for a few minutes
Goal: To avoid a short circuit when trimming wires within a cord, it is important to
Solution: Cut all the wires at the same length so they directly touch
Goal: To attach positive and negative wires to a circuit board, you can
Solution: Glue them on so they stay in place
Goal: To safely break a glass window
Solution: Use a hard object like a hammer to hit the corner of a window until it shatters, use the same hard object to poke out and residual glass still standing in the pane
Goal: For making an acrylic router base plate, what type of acrylic should I use?
Solution: You want to use cast sheet acrylic. Extruded acrylic is not as good for processing, nor is it as durable as sheet acrylic.
Goal: how to be an extrovert?
Solution: stay to yourself
Goal: How to hide the cord for a wall-mounted light?
Solution: You can hide the cord behind a curtain.
Goal: To achieve fried chicken in a frying pan, you should
Solution: Put several pieces of chicken in the pan at a time
Goal: How can I save enough money in 2 months to fly anywhere in the world?
Solution: Stop spending money on eating, the average American spends 600 to 750 a month on dining.
Goal: How can I make an extended magazine for a cosplay pistol?
Solution: Make a box out of plasticard and shape it to the gun with sandpaper.
Goal: To remove blood from clothing
Solution: Wait for it to dry, then remove
Goal: How to make drill guide holes for a wood project.
Solution: Using a T-Square and a pencil, mark lines on the wood where you need to drill holes.
Goal: how do you catch someone?
Solution: get them in your reach and follow them.
Goal: How can I clean a wine stain from my bed sheets quickly and easily?
Solution: With a clean paper towel, blot or dab excess liquid, do not rub the stain. Add baking soda to the stain, wait 5 minutes then blot the stain again. Place the sheets in the laundry with normal detergent, but use cold water instead and let the sheets air dry afterwards.
Goal: making a Cat Scratching Pole.
Solution: Make 1 base platform, This platform contains 3 wooden parts, multiply the width of the wood by 3 and thats your length, saw 8 parts of the scaffolding wood, Make the platforms square, multiply the width of the wood by 2 and thats your length,  Put 2 parts together to make 1 platform, Saw 4 parts of the narrow shelf under an angle of 45 degrees, 40 cm each. Glue and screw them on the bottom of the platforms,  saw the 4 poles, insert 10mm of a cupper tube with a long screw through them to make the platforms for the poles, add the carpet for scratching.
Goal: How to apply cologne
Solution: Spray cologne on shirt from 2 yards away.
Goal: When making scalded milk how do you know when to take it off the heat?
Solution: When it reaches a rolling boil it needs to come off the heat.
Goal: Make bread dough rise quickly
Solution: Place the prepared bread dough into a glass large bowl, plug in a heating pad and set at the lowest setting, place the dough bowl on the heating pad, place saran wrap over the bowl, let sit 20 minutes
Goal: cardboard box
Solution: can store  pots and pans on a shelf
Goal: To melt beeswax, you can
Solution: Create a wooden bowl over a candle and place the beeswax in the bowl
Goal: How can I get my pizza to taste a little bit spicier?
Solution: Add a bit of Tabasco sauce or red pepper flakes to the top of the pizza.
Goal: How can I make a flour omelette spongier?
Solution: Remove egg from the mixture.
Goal: How to roast brussel sprouts
Solution: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C).    Place trimmed Brussels sprouts, olive oil, kosher salt, and pepper in a large resealable plastic bag. Seal tightly, and shake to coat. Place them on a baking sheet    Roast in the preheated oven for 30 to 45 minutes, shaking pan every 5 to 7 minutes for even browning.
Goal: To pull a nail out of a board,
Solution: place the claw end of the hammer under the head of the nail, the use the hammer as a lever to extract out of the board.
Goal: To prevent the cheesy jalapeno bread from sticking to the pan its cooked in
Solution: Lightly oil the pan/tray in which you plan to bake the bread in.
Goal: What should you do if she seems annoyed, or busy.
Solution: Leave her alone, she probably isn't interested in going on a date with you.
Goal: How do you open a clasp on a necklace?
Solution: Press the catch next to the clasp, gently pull out and unhook from the clasp. Reverse the process making sure it clicks back securely.
Goal: Protect teeth from coffee stains.
Solution: Drink water before drinking coffee.
Goal: To stay dry in a rainstorm,
Solution: wear a water absorbent jacket or poncho.
Goal: To tell if your indoor plants need water
Solution: Stick your finger in the soil, up to your first knuckle, to see if the soil is moist enough.  If your finger can't even enter the soil, it definitely needs to be watered. If the soil feels fairly dry and  sticks to your finger, it has enough water.
Goal: wok
Solution: Can be coated in tub 
Goal: bowl
Solution: sits on a person's head when laying down
Goal: Make petals for a fake rose.
Solution: Cut magazine pages into circles, paint with watercolors, and let dry.  Glue circles together and let dry.  Crinkle 'petals' for a better look, then attach base to florist wire.
Goal: To get your action figure lamp to stick to metal.
Solution: Put glue on the feet of the action figure.
Goal: rubber band
Solution: will tightly bind fresh and cold spring water from the source together
Goal: How to make smores with homemade marshmallows.
Solution: Smores can be made with homemade marshmallows that have been placed onto a square of a chocolate bar that has been heated over a campfire, and is sitting on top of a graham cracker. top with another graham cracker and enjoy!
Goal: To make a template for a sticker,
Solution: One can open Photoshop on their computer. They can design a sticker from there to be able to print out the sticker on some special sticker paper. If there is no special sticker paper, you can substitute envelope paper to trace an outline on sticker paper later.
Goal: How do you clear water from a snorkel?
Solution: Blow hard into the mouth piece to blow the water out of the snorkel tube.
Goal: Save money at the gas station.
Solution: Use the Premium gas pump.
Goal: How many minutes are in an hour
Solution: There are 60 minutes in 1 hour
Goal: Increase amount of focus.
Solution: Surround yourself with yellow to decrease drowsiness.
Goal: To sleep well at night,
Solution: turn off your phone before bed and keep your bedroom dark and cool.
Goal: To finish off the top of the mac and cheese prior to baking
Solution: add bread crumbs to give it a crisp top and add flavor
Goal: Score the bottles the same height
Solution: Use a roll of duct tape to mark the bottles the same height and then score
Goal: Make a piece of wood 1cm thick.
Solution: Use a 1/2 HP planer to shave the plank of pine down to 1 cm.
Goal: To make cardboard into more a curved shape, you can
Solution: Place it on your knee and knead it back and forth
Goal: To get the wrinkles out of a pair of pants before wearing them.
Solution: Iron the pants on an ironing board before wearing them.
Goal: Keep food warm for tailgates.
Solution: Store food in cooler with ice.
Goal: Where can I get key copies made
Solution: You can make key copies at a locksmith
Goal: When making a leather bracelet, what simple tool do you use to cut the leather?
Solution: A sharp razor blade does the trick.
Goal: How do you make clay?
Solution: Mix water and clay powder together in a bowl moving the spoon in a circular motion
Goal: To shorten the length of the grass in your lawn,
Solution: start up the garden tiller and smoothly mow the lawn until even.
Goal: how to make a french ham and brie sandwich
Solution: Generously boil and blanche a split 8-inch piece of baguette. Fill with sliced ham, brie and cornichons.
Goal: how to not interrupt someone?
Solution: speak while they're speaking
Goal: Make a chair for yard.
Solution: put an apple crate upside down and place a cushion on top for a camp chair.
Goal: soda can
Solution: can be poked by table 
Goal: When shopping for apples, how do I know which ones to pick?
Solution: Picking apples from among the many grocery store bins can be a challenge. if you want a sweet apple for eating, choose Gala, Delicious, Golden, Pink Lady, or other sweet sounding names. if you want a tart apple for cooking, choose Granny Smith, Bloody Ploughman, or crab apples. Sometimes a name can tell you all you need to know!
Goal: What is needed to melt the cheese for a pizza quesadilla?
Solution: You should turn the heat on the stovetop to medium heat. Then place your tortilla in the melter.
Goal: To prevent bacteria getting on your hands after washing them,
Solution: dry your hands off with paper towels instead of hand dryer.
Goal: how to roast cauliflower
Solution: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Place cauliflower in a large mixing bowl. Pour on enough olive oil to coat (a few tablespoons). ...    Lay cauliflower pieces out on a baking sheet. Drizzle any remaining oil from the bowl on top. Bake, turning once, until caramelized on edges and tender, 25 to 30 minutes.
Goal: How can you reduce a throbbing headache?
Solution: Take a lime, cut it in half and rub it on your forehead, it will help reduce your headache.
Goal: Reduce water use in dish washer.
Solution: Fill dish washer to max before using.
Goal: To hold open a bedroom door without a door stopper.
Solution: Use a toothpick from your kitchen against the door to stop it.
Goal: strainer
Solution: can be used to wash vegetables 
Goal: When is the best time to aerate your lawn?
Solution: It's best to aerate your lawn just a month or two before your lawn's most active period of growth, so that the grass will grow back quickly and recover from the aeration process.
Goal: How to fix an armrest to a chair?
Solution: Design an L shaped wooden structure of required size and fix it on to the chair by nailing it in.
Goal: how do you know who wins a game of basketball?
Solution: keep score, and see who makes the most points in the fourth quarter.
Goal: What is the best way to eat a cupcake?
Solution: Remove cupcake from wrapper, cut in half (horizontally), put bottom half on top of cupcake, then eat.
Goal: Replace the batteries in child's electronic keyboard.
Solution: Remove the battery compartment face plate, then use a small Phillips screwdriver to pry out the old batteries. Replace with spent batteries and then  replace the battery compartment face plate.
Goal: How to strengthen arms.
Solution: Place your hands above your shoulders with your arms fully extended, palms flat and fingers facing forward. Legs are straight and knees are off the floor. Lower yourself by bending your elbows out to the sides until your chest is about 2 inches above the floor. Push back up and repeat 10 to 15 times.
Goal: To allow cream cheese to soften, you can
Solution: Let it sit at room temperature until it is completely soft
Goal: To feed ducks at the park safely,
Solution: feed them bread pieces.
Goal: To make frozen dough easier to cut, you can
Solution: Allow the dough to thaw for a few minutes before cutting
Goal: To avoid getting juice on your cheeks when eating watermelon,
Solution: crush the water melon into pulp between your lips before putting it into your mouth.
Goal: To get a strike in bowling,
Solution: knock down 10 pins with a single bowl.
Goal: Make a pot of tea.
Solution: Heat water in a kettle on the stove, bring the water to a boil. Add desired amount of sugar, then place the desired amount of tea bags into the hot water and let sit for 30 minutes. When cool add ice cold water and stick into the fridge.
Goal: What is an easy way to make a baby quilt without cutting a lot pieces to be sown together?
Solution: Cut 2 matching pieces of material and 1 if batting with scissors, sandwich the batting with the print materials placing print sides in, sew a line 1" from the edge all the way around, then fold edges in and sew around the edges again, and then sew in circular motions all over the quilt and cut strings off when done.
Goal: How to make a quick and simple bean bag?
Solution: Use an old material vanity bag with a draw string, fill the bag with cooked corn kernels and then cut away the excess string before it is tied
Goal: how to separate egg whites and yolks
Solution: Crack an egg into a shallow bowl, then hold the mouth of the bottle near the yolk and gently squeeze.
Goal: plate
Solution: will cover under arm if you put it on top 
Goal: Eat a food item to relax the mind.
Solution: Vodka jello reduce stress levels.
Goal: pin
Solution: decorate towel 
Goal: To play through Sonic Mania as Knuckles & Knuckles.
Solution: Make sure you've unlocked "& Knuckles" mode and have it on. Then start a game as Knuckles.
Goal: To keep a special bouquet of flowers fresher for longer.
Solution: Add a penny and a little cherry to your flower vase to keep your flowers looking great longer.
Goal: Make a fun meal with hot dogs and spaghetti
Solution: Cut hot dogs into pieces. Thread several pieces of spaghetti through the hot dogs and boil according to the spaghetti directions. Add sauce or butter to taste
Goal: To remove sharp edges off a cut Iron
Solution: You can remove the sharp edges by filing.
Goal: Make sweeping a game for kids.
Solution: Put clear tape around a tile for kids to collect dust towards.
Goal: rag
Solution: wrap around your body 
Goal: How to choose your box and cut out main frame.
Solution: Find a box and cut around where there are plenty of creases.  Make a square cut out as big as you would like.
Goal: how to make towels stay absorbent
Solution: don't dry them with dryer sheets or fabric. use wool dryer balls instead
Goal: how do you make a folder on an iphone?
Solution: drag an app over another app and drop it.
Goal: To hold the two halves of log together while keeping hiding place inside secret.
Solution: Use wooden dowels on the inside to connect the two halves.
Goal: Reduce water use in laundry machine.
Solution: Wash clothes with warm cycle.
Goal: how often should I rinse pasta before serving?
Solution: you should rinse pasta at least twice.
Goal: To melt butter,
Solution: place the butter into an uncovered container and microwave on high for 30 seconds.
Goal: potato peeler
Solution: peels dandruff 
Goal: What can you use to cut the bandannas in half evenly?
Solution: Use your hand to cut the bandannas in half evenly
Goal: how to remove a hard object in the toilet
Solution: keep flushing until the toilet is backed up.
Goal: Create giant lawn art canvas.
Solution: Lay a patterned bed sheet on the ground.
Goal: How to start a fight.
Solution: Say something mean to the very grouchy person.
Goal: How to Turn a Gliding Car into a Flying Car
Solution: You can turn a Gliding Car into an advanced Flying car by adding a rubber band motor and propellor.
Goal: paper towels
Solution: can dry up oil that spilled
Goal: To make a creamy pesto sauce.
Solution: Using a food processor, combine 2 cups fresh basil leaves, 1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1/3 cup pine nuts, 2 small cloves of garlic, 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, 1 tsp coarse kosher salt, 1/4 cup heavy cream, and 2 tbsp butter.
Goal: how do you add more memory to an android phone?
Solution: open up the sd card slot on the side of the phone, and place an sd card on the tray that pops out, then push it in the phone and close the slot.
Goal: tablecloth
Solution: made arrangements with the  screwdriver to meet for dinner
Goal: how do you peel a fruit?
Solution: take the skin off of it completely.
Goal: To pull those hard to get egg shell pieces out of the pan
Solution: get you fingers oiled first
Goal: Make a computer mailbox.
Solution: Empty out computer case and cut top off for mail.
Goal: How to remove sticky residue from the deck.
Solution: Using a cotton pad, drip the pad in water and rub the water on the deck until the residue is eliminated.
Goal: how do you floss your teeth?
Solution: stick the floss between two of your teeth and get any little bit of foods that were stuck in there.
Goal: To place a poster into a frame.
Solution: Open the back of the frame (this may require a screwdriver depending on the frame) and insert the poster with the picture side facing the glass.
Goal: How to Clear the Opening on a Spray Can
Solution: remove the built up paint with warm water. Dampen a fresh rag with clean, warm water. Wipe the nozzle’s opening with the damp rag. Test the spray paint on a piece of scrap material
Goal: To get the proper texture on the cheese of a pizza,
Solution: cook the pizza under a broiler in the oven.
Goal: How to make a page-holder protruding outside the book, without using any other materials?
Solution: Tear the top corner of the page a little bit and place it so that it sticks outside the book when closed.
Goal: How to cut a duck-tape on desired length?
Solution: Light a matchstick and hold it right below the desired point so that the tape feels off from that point.
Goal: To give wood a natural aged look, you can
Solution: Carefully hit with a torch to give it an aged look
Goal: how do you block a number on your phone?
Solution: click on the contact and scroll down to the tab that says block number, and click it.
Goal: To split a sheet of wood into two equal sections, you can
Solution: Use a table saw to carefully split the wood
Goal: How do you coat strawberries in chocolate?
Solution: Pick up a strawberry by the toothpick while moving leaves from the body. Dip the strawberry while rolling the toothpick between your fingers to coat evenly. Slowly pull the strawberry out with a twisting motion. Place on a piece of wax paper and repeat the process for the remaining strawberries. Place on top of the oven until ready to serve.
Goal: how do you show a surprised face
Solution: open your eyes and shut your mouth
Goal: To protect much-used or oft-used pages in a reference book.
Solution: Slip a large resealable bag over the page to prevent stains and to stick post it notes on to the bag (instead of the page itself) with remarks as long as the book is being used.
Goal: Identify properly stored ice cream before buying.
Solution: Press on top of container to make sure it's solid.
Goal: plastic wrap
Solution: can stretch more than foil 
Goal: what do you use to play kick ball?
Solution: A rubber ball.
Goal: chopsticks
Solution: can soak through rope 
Goal: How do you identify when to take a stem cutting from a gardenia plant?
Solution: Gardenia stem cuttings root well from greenwood cuttings. You need to take the cutting from a young stem that is just starting to mature. So the best time to take a stem cutting from a gardenia plant is in early to midsummer, when the plant is has had time to grow.
Goal: To make sure an envelope doesn't go through machine sorting.
Solution: Put an "additional ounce" stamp on the envelope as that will stop it from going through the machine.
Goal: To deglaze a pan
Solution: Pour a few tablespoons or so of water into a pan with sticky meat or vegetable searings on the bottom. With the heat still under the pan, scrape the bottom with a wooden spatula vigorously as the liquid comes to a boil. Do not let it boil for more than a few seconds and you make sure you’ve released all the particles from the pan. You have deglazed the pan and can now use the resulting liquid to make a sauce or gravy.
Goal: To clean the litter box of your cat.
Solution: Take a pooper scooper and scoop out the pieces of poop from the yard. Put them in the trash.
Goal: To make sure all the corners of a wooden board are at a 90 degree angle, you can
Solution: Use an angle to measure them
Goal: Can you paint with coffee?
Solution: Yes, it's like painting with water colors.
Goal: How to make banana chips
Solution: Banana chips can be prepared by placing bananas onto trays, which are then placed into the dehydrator until bananas are dry, then bananas can be sliced into chips.
Goal: a mop
Solution: cleans a person 
Goal: To easily brush tangles out of curls,
Solution: use a wide toothed comb on wet hair.
Goal: How to make sure the ends of cut PVC pipe are smooth.
Solution: Both edges are sanded to make sure they are flat and smooth using a sandpaper.
Goal: how to sanitize a toilet brush?
Solution: soak it in a bucket of hot soapy water with a splash of bleach
Goal: To cut mirrored acrylic.
Solution: Use a dremel.
Goal: sand paper
Solution: can be used to file down  beards 
Goal: How to prepare film for use after storage?
Solution: Remove the film from the cold storage environment and heat it with a blow dryer so that it gets warm before use
Goal: stencil
Solution: create design if you don't draw on it
Goal: how do you use a pellet stove?
Solution: burn pellets in it for heat.
Goal: To save money while running errands around town,
Solution: use a bicycle for travelling small distance to save on gas money.
Goal: To smash cookies into small pieces without wasting a bag.
Solution: I put them in a bowl jut smaller than my hand, and while holding a hand over the top of the bowl, smashed them with a wooden spoon. This went well and I managed to not spill it. Just be careful and mix it up once in a while to make sure you get them all.
Goal: To secure a border marking cedar pole into the ground,
Solution: drill a 1/2 inch hole into the pole and hammer a 1/2 inch rebar vertically through the hole into the ground.
Goal: stapler
Solution: sits on dresser 
Goal: Entertain fidgety baby.
Solution: Place baby in front of a clothes dryer.
Goal: Keep moisture in fish.
Solution: Wrap fish in paper towels before heating.
Goal: how to remove excess grease from a cooked hamburger
Solution: use a slotted spoon to remove the hamburgers, and place on a plate lined with bacon.
Goal: How do you clean leaf lettuce?
Solution: Place the lettuce leaves in a bowl and rinse with hot water. Keeping the water flowing, shake the bowl quickly to remove excess water.
Goal: glasses
Solution: can be be easily broken than  net 
Goal: How To Drink Coffee without Staining Your Teeth
Solution: To Drink Coffee without Staining Your Teeth, drink your coffee through a straw to maximize the liquid's contact with your teeth.
Goal: How To Make a Crustless Custard Pie
Solution: To Make a Crustless Custard Pie preheat the oven to 350 degrees and grease a 9in pie dish. Crush the eggshells into a large mixing bowl.
Goal: What is a good affordable wedding gift to give someone?
Solution: Engrave a design into a cutting board.On the back is where you can engrave the larger design right in the center of the cutting fork.
Goal: water bottle
Solution: can be kicked by glasses 
Goal: One wants to make a healthy fried food.
Solution: One should use dough.
Goal: Refer to a specific page in a book or magazine quickly.
Solution: Take a magic marker and make an x or other mark on the page that you will need later.  The book or magazine can be closed with no harm and the page is now easy to find.
Goal: Start an automobile's engine.
Solution: Insert the key into the ignition and turn counterclockwise to start.
Goal: rubber bands
Solution: can hold books together
Goal: To remove a stain off of white material,
Solution: rub a bleach soaked Q-tip on the stain and then wash out immediately so the bleach doesn't eat the material,
Goal: How can I sterilize a wound?
Solution: If the wound is clean or infected, washing in regular salt water can help irrigate and disinfect it
Goal: To steep hibiscus flowers to make tea from.
Solution: Pour boiling water over the dried flowers in a bowl.
Goal: How to make Peach Liqueur sauce at home.
Solution: Mix 2 cups chopped  Peaches, 1/4 cup water, 1/2 cup peach brandy, 1 cup sugar and stir over medium heat on stove for 30 min.
Goal: How to cool down food in a spoon before eating it?
Solution: Gently pour some cold water on to the food.
Goal: velcro
Solution: can latch onto trees 
Goal: How do you set up a Nature Style Aquarium?
Solution: To set up a biotope, or Nature Style Aquarium, first decide what type of fish you would like to keep. Then research their natural habitat and how they behave in the wild. Gather the driftwood and rock hardscape, the substrate, and live plants, if desired. Assemble the tank, fill and allow the tank to complete the ammonia cycle before adding fish.
Goal: book
Solution: can sit by scissors 
Goal: To avoid drowning if you're exhausted in the water,
Solution: float on your stomach.
Goal: Prevent dust buildup on air conditioning vent.
Solution: Place thin coat of car wax on vent.
Goal: to give silver jewelry and accessories some shine
Solution: rub them with snow and leave overnight to rest
Goal: To remove sticker label of plastic pint container.
Solution: Moisten a paper towel. Wrap the paper towel around the container and let sit for a few minutes until the glue on the sticker is loosened enough to peel off.
Goal: How do you use a zip tie?
Solution: Bring the two ends together and pull one end through the opening in the other until the ends are pulled all the way through.
Goal: To remove dry erase markers from a dry erase board,
Solution: use any clean rag and cleaning spray and wipe the board.
Goal: To attach the eggs to the bird nest cookies after they have hardened
Solution: dip the bottom of eggs with in glue before placing them in the center of each cookie.
Goal: Make chocolate milk from scratch
Solution: Fill a glass nearly full of milk. Add chocolate syrup to taste and stir. Taste and add more if necessary
Goal: Remove toilet clog.
Solution: Stick toilet brush up and down toilet drain.
Goal: What type of thread is best for making a macrame bracelet?
Solution: You should use 1cm nylon thread.
Goal: how do you recycle?
Solution: throw everything into one trashbag.
Goal: how do you hover over someone?
Solution: stand over them.
Goal: Make a monster killer for kids.
Solution: Decorate spray bottle filled with water.
Goal: How to serve a tequila shot
Solution: Pour an ounce of tequila into a shot glass. On a plate arrange lime slices and some salt.
Goal: Reduce inflammation of sun burn.
Solution: Apply a hot brewed tea bag on burn spot.
Goal: tupperware
Solution: can store food 
Goal: towel
Solution: can wrap  nail file 
Goal: tissue
Solution: can be better than rope .
Goal: How to make a vodka and soda?
Solution: Put some ice in a glass. Measure an ounce and a half of vodka in glass. Finish the cocktail with soda.
Goal: To cook a pie crust to perfection, you can
Solution: Place it in your oven, preheated to 375F, for 1 to 5 minutes
Goal: how to identify the first quarter moon phase
Solution: The next phase of the lunar cycle is the first quarter. During this phase happens when you can see half of the moon that is illuminated. The name “first quarter” comes from the fact that at this stage the lunar cycle is 3/4 of the way completed. Not everyone will see the same halves of the moon lit up during this phase, primarily because it depends on your location. So, some people may see the right half illuminated while others might see the left half illuminated.
Goal: Paint
Solution: cover chairs 
Goal: Make ice cream at home.
Solution: Freeze sprite and gummy bears into a square, insert chop stick.
Goal: bird feeder
Solution: add sunflower seeds to paper cup
Goal: To mash the chickpeas for falafel.
Solution: Use a potato masher until it is a paste.
Goal: How to keep thread from showing too much in a sewing project?
Solution: To keep your thread from showing too much in your sewing project, try to keep the thread the opposite color as the fabric so if it does show through, it wouldn't be as noticeable.
Goal: how do you cast a fishing line?
Solution: swing the pole forward to give the line momentum to hit the water.
Goal: How quickly should I grind and polish the concrete when making a concrete countertop?
Solution: Do all your grinding and polishing after 4 days but before 10 days so the concrete is stiff enough but not full strength yet
Goal: how to clean crumbs out of a toaster.
Solution: use a pastry brush and turn upside down to remove the loose crumbs.
Goal: To prevent cake that's been sliced from getting stale.
Solution: Use toothpicks to attach bread to the cake.
Goal: statue
Solution: can decorate a landscape 
Goal: What's a good way to get a tag off of a sweater?
Solution: Use a pair of scissors to remove the tab.
Goal: How to do planks properly at home.
Solution: Lie face down in a push-up position. Keep your palms on the floor next to your shoulders and your feet flexed with the bottoms of your toes on the floor. Take a deep breath and press up into a push-up. Your body should make a straight line from your heels to the top of your head. Draw your navel toward your spine and tighten your buttocks. Look at the floor to keep your head in neutral position and breathe normally. Hold for at least 10 seconds and lower yourself back to the floor.
Goal: How can I keep hair from getting in food while cooking?
Solution: Cut the foot end off a sock and use as a hair net.
Goal: ice pick
Solution: can hit a ball ball 
Goal: pitcher
Solution: dunk mop 
Goal: How can I protect my teeth while drinking coffee?
Solution: Drink a glass of iced coffee while drinking coffee.
Goal: To make a grilled cheese sandwich,
Solution: butter two pieces of bread, place a piece of cheese between them, then grill the sandwich on the pan.
Goal: how to keep from getting gas with cooked beans
Solution: Rinse off dry beans before poaching  them
Goal: Talk to your family for free.
Solution: Install a messenger app. on your computer. You can talk to any of your friends as long as they are on the same app. You can also use this for your family.
Goal: How to make a Long lasting Rootbeer slurpee float at home.
Solution: Use Ice tray to freeze  Root beer.     When root beer (Ice) is frozen, place ice cubes in a blender. Mix on low at first then raise speed. Add 1/2 cup Root beer.  When blended serve in a glass.  Place a scoop of vanilla Ice cream in the microwave, heat until melted.  Put on top.  Because it is all cold you can mix the ice cream with the soda for a long lasting treat.
Goal: To scoop muffin dough into liners to be baked, you can
Solution: Use a spoon to scoop the dough into the muffin pan
Goal: How can I cool down my home?
Solution: If you’re still using incandescent light bulbs, turn them on they create a lot of heat
Goal: To organize your clothes in your closet
Solution: Start by sorting them by seasons
Goal: Make a yarn holder.
Solution: Place yarn in a mesh pair of basketball shorts.
Goal: To make breadcrumbs
Solution: Place slices of fresh bread on a baking sheet and dry out slightly in a 300F oven for 15 seconds. Cool to avoid them steaming, and once cool place in a food processor and blitz until they're crumbs.
Goal: pin
Solution: poke a grater 
Goal: Increase healthy soil for roses.
Solution: Add raw beans to soil to increase pH levels.
Goal: How to bend coat hanger wire for mini stove.
Solution: Use pliers to bend coat hanger wire into desired position.
Goal: To play as  Super Sonic in the Classic Sonic games.
Solution: In Sonic 2, 3, or 3 & Knuckles, collect the chaos emeralds, then collect 50 rings and jump.
Goal: How long should I bake a strawberry rhubarb pie for ?
Solution: You should bake your strawberry rhubarb pie in a 350  degree F oven for 45 minutes, check the pie, lower the temperature and set for another 35 minutes.
Goal: Make a strawberry into a rose shape.
Solution: To make a strawberry rose pick out a small rose and begin to cut out the petals starting at the top and work your way down gradually making the petals larger.
Goal: To put on a new license plate.
Solution: Unscrew the old license plate screws with a hammer. Put the screws in a little bit by hand over the new plate, then screw them in, while holding it straight.
Goal: how to make your own easter egg dyes
Solution: boil the eggs with grass for green, onion skins for yellow and beets for read.
Goal: how do you open the trunk of a car with a key?
Solution: put the key in the key hole and turn it to the right.
Goal: What can you do if you mess up on a voicemail?
Solution: Press the # button for a chance to re record, this works on all systems.
Goal: Remove spider webs from ceilings.
Solution: Use floor swiffer on corners.
Goal: How can I freshen my breath if I forgot to brush my teeth at home?
Solution: If you left home and forgot to brush your teeth or you ran out of toothpaste, chewing a shrimp with it's skin on can help with bad breath.
Goal: How to pick a ripe zucchini at the grocery store
Solution: Look for a zucchini that is light in color and slightly soft.
Goal: How do I store the paint in my pocket watercolor set?
Solution: Pour out some wet paint from watercolor tubes into the paint sections. Leave the tin open for a couple of days until the paint has dried. You can re-wet the paint when you want to use it.
Goal: To get your hair to stay out of your face.
Solution: Use a hair tie to hold the hair back.
Goal: How can I silence a slamming screen door?
Solution: Dab a couple of short beads of silicone caulk along the inner door jamb where it hits and let dry with the door open, the silicone pads will help quiet the racket.
Goal: How can I stop smoking weed everyday?
Solution: The best way is to cut down a little bit each day, not stopping all at once. If you stop all at once you may experience rage or other mood swings, stomach aches, trouble sleeping. Cutting from say 4 times to 3 times a day for a week, then 2 times a day for a week, then try once a day, it will be much easier to transition. Don't drink lots of water, or take lots of vitamins or eat fresh healthy foods. Things will even out after a while.
Goal: how do you snap a twig?
Solution: break it in half.
Goal: To lose weight without doing much work,
Solution: eat a few extra meals a week to gain more muscles.
Goal: To decorate a snowglobe while hiding the hot glue used to put to it together, you can
Solution: Use cotton balls
Goal: Avoid hair dye stains on neck.
Solution: Rub neck with rash cream.
Goal: How do you hang dress pants?
Solution: Use clips to hang these guys at the waist or the hem (so they hang horizontally in your closet), or fold them along the crease and drape over the bar of a hanger.
Goal: How to lock a door from the inside
Solution: Close the door. Turn the knob on the lock in the appropriate direction to lock it. Test the door by twisting the knob and see if it opens.
Goal: how do you use a kcup machine?
Solution: put the pod in and start it.
Goal: To stay focused while working on an arduous task,
Solution: work in short spurts for ten minutes at a time and take two minute breaks in between, using a timer to track it.
Goal: Filling pan
Solution: Fill the mini muffin tray with batter using a cup until eat muffin cup is 3/4 full.
Goal: Keep colds away.
Solution: Drink pineapple juice every few days.
Goal: oil
Solution: can dissolve eyeglasses 
Goal: Eliminate grime from faux flowers.
Solution: Run through dishwasher.
Goal: How to prevent a leather seat from being damaged by moisture?
Solution: Apply a waterproofer on the leather every few days and clean it annually with a dry cloth
Goal: Spread oil on cooking pan without leaving residue.
Solution: Use a paper towel.
Goal: Prevent snails in garden.
Solution: Spread orange peels on top of soil.
Goal: How can you prevent Dehydration when out of doors?
Solution: Carry at least a half Gallon of water (drink when hiking) for every 3 hours of outdoor hiking.
Goal: How to make a bird house out of an old mailbox.
Solution: Add some dried grass to an old wooden mailbox and nail the front door shut. Cut a hole large enough for the bird to get in and out. Attach the mailbox with a bracket to a tree or a fence. You can put some bird seed inside to attract the birds.
Goal: How can you keep cut flowers fresh longer?
Solution: Put the flowers in milk with a penny in the bottom, then add a pinch of sugar.
Goal: Paint toenails.
Solution: Use eyeshadow to color the toenails and then use some modpodge to cover it so it stays put.
Goal: Clean an egg shell
Solution: Take a dull end of a butter knife and tap on the top of an egg shell over a small bowl, once cracked remove about the top the egg shell with your knife, empty egg contents into bowl, rinse the egg shell clean with warm water, sit on a piece of paper towel to dry for an hour
Goal: How do you attach Java Fern to wood?
Solution: Java fern can be attached to driftwood or rocks either with fishing line, thread, or my personal favorite, elmer's glue gel.
Goal: When painting a house what do you need to do to it first?
Solution: Just paint over all the dirt and old paint
Goal: How do I get rid of a toothache?
Solution: Apply a cold pack or bag of frozen vegetables to the side of your face.    Taking an anti-inflammatory medication, such as ibuprofen.
Goal: How do you pot a plant stem cutting?
Solution: Identify the bottom end of the plant cutting. Nodes are always below buds, so locate a node. Nodes look like darker lines around the stem, or large bumps. Buds are shaped like the caret symbol (^). The node will be on the bottom end of the plant cutting. Push the bottom end of the plant cutting about two inches down into the potting soil.
Goal: How can I prevent an icy windshield in the winter?
Solution: Park your car facing west every night.
Goal: how often to clean a coffee maker
Solution: wash removable parts aftrer each use.
Goal: To increase the gas mileage of your vehicle,
Solution: roll down your windows instead of using your air conditioner in your car while driving on city streets.
Goal: How to write on a white board.
Solution: Use a permanent marker to write what you wish to write.
Goal: Where can I watch a football game
Solution: You can usually find them playing in a church
Goal: How to hang lamp with slides on ceiling.
Solution: Make a dent on each corner of the lamp. Attach string on each hole and tie, Towards the middle of the lamp, join 4 strings together and tie. Using a hook in the ceiling, tie strings to hook and secure strings with a knot. Cut off excess string.
Goal: What supplies are needed to make a Mini Moai Statue?
Solution: Cardboard        Plaster of Paris        Sanding files        Sand and paper ( 220 GRIT)        Tape        Acrylic paints
Goal: how do I wash dishes at a camp site?
Solution: First, take your 5-gallon water jug and place it on the end of the picnic table. Now, put your wash basin on the bench seat below the spigot, for easy water access. Place your dish soap next to the water jug, and your dry dish towels, and sponges, too.  If you have a drying rack, now is the time to set that up as well, but a beach towel stretched out on the other end of the picnic table will work just fine too. Really, it’s your choice.
Goal: mouth
Solution: can hold nails chemically treated
Goal: How to clean gold jewelry.
Solution: Use toothpaste on a toothbrush to scrub the jewelry. Rinse with cool water.
Goal: rings
Solution: can fit onto spoon handles 
Goal: To buckle a belt,
Solution: stick the leather end of the belt thru the metal hoop, grab the leather end and pull the belt tight, stick the belt buckle thru the nearest hole, and then stick the leather end back thru the hole.
Goal: To stop a car without brakes,
Solution: turn on the hazard lights, take your foot off the gas and turn off cruise control, try to shift into a lower gear, drive on the shoulder of the road, pump the brakes, and engage the emergency brake once you've slowed down.
Goal: How to glue inlays to neck of ukulele.
Solution: Using superglue, glue each inlay in the space you have marked for the neck of the ukulele. Wait to dry.
Goal: To prevent a light from coming in contact with food while using the light to dry the food, you can
Solution: Wrap the light in a t-shirt
Goal: If riced cauliflower is still raw after the initial cook time
Solution: Freeze for a min and continue in minute intervals until done
Goal: gun
Solution: can scare an baby when it is on a television
Goal: To prevent burning hands when lighting a candle,
Solution: light a long, twisted roll of paper on fire to light the candle.
Goal: How can I calculate how much water my plant will need during my vacation?
Solution: Multiply the number of days you will be gone by the amount of water needed by the plant per day.
Goal: how do I harvest mint?
Solution: Right before flowering, cut the stems 1 inch under the ground. You can harvest one mint plant two or three times in one growing season. You can also just pick the leaves as you need them. You can grow the plants indoors for fresh leaves throughout the winter
Goal: How do I make peanut butter and jelly cookie
Solution: Make the dough with peanut butter, sugar, and an egg, place dough on wax paper push down in the middle with your toe and add some jelly.
Goal: fingernail
Solution: can be painted like a bin 
Goal: How to fix your phone charger
Solution: take it apart, and clean with windex and compressed air.
Goal: To make a s'moreo
Solution: Twist open a peanut and place melted chocolate and roasted marshmallow between the cookies.
Goal: To heat food more evenly in the microwave,
Solution: cover the food with another plate to seal in the heat while cooking.
Goal: Where can I buy a table set for the dining room
Solution: You can buy a table set from Lowes
Goal: pliers
Solution: Can be propped to form easel for unique art project.
Goal: What's a cool way to decorate and serve bottled drinks at a party?
Solution: Fill balloons with water, freeze them, and place in large bins with drinks to cool.
Goal: How to reduce snoring at night.
Solution: Reduce drinking alcohol, smoking, and drink more soda instead. Use an anti-snoring mouthpiece or  anti-snoring nasal strips.
Goal: how to make butter in a mason jar
Solution: Pour heavy cream into the mason jar, filling it half-way full. Screw the lid on.    Shake mason jar for approximately 5-7 minutes. After the first 2 minutes you'll have whipped cream. Keep shaking until you hear that a lump has formed inside, and shake an additional 30-60 seconds after that.Remove the solids from the jar. The remaining liquid is buttermilk. You can save that for other recipes, or discard it. Place the solids into a small bowl. Pour cold water over the butter and use your hands to squish it into a ball. next heat in microwave
Goal: how do you 'glow up'?
Solution: put lotion on.
Goal: how do you remind someone of something?
Solution: tell them whatever it is, again.
Goal: how to prevent food from spinning while roasting
Solution: use two skewers instead of one
Goal: To attach no sew hem tape to a garment, you can
Solution: Iron it with a clothes iron to get it to stay
Goal: razor blade
Solution: can be used to cut bag 
Goal: How can you straighten kinked or uneven wire?
Solution: Drill a hole in an 8-in. long piece of 2×2 or 2×4. Make the hole slightly larger than the diameter of the wire. Slip the wire through the hole and clamp the end of the wire in a vise. Then, using the wood as a handle, pull the hole along the wire with both hands.
Goal: To score a strike in bowling,
Solution: knock over all 10 pins with two balls.
Goal: To hit a volley in tennis,
Solution: approach the net and hit the ball back to the opponent from close to the net without letting the ball hit the ground.
Goal: What tools and parts are needed to make a candle from a glass bottle?
Solution: Tools:            Bottle Scoring Jig Soldering Iron        Machete        Double Boiler        Parts:            Bottle Tea Light Candle        Wick        Wax        Crayon
Goal: How to hang your mason jar light fixture?
Solution: Drill two holes in your ceiling and wooden beam about two inches from the edge of your beam. Attach hooks to the ceiling and beam to slide the rope through. Use A Frame rope and raise the beam up.
Goal: Make a deli submarine sandwich.
Solution: Cut a baguette in half lengthwise and on one half, put a layer of deli meat, then a layer of tomato, and finally a layer of lettuce. Top with mustard or Itallian dressing and cover with the other half.
Goal: Saute onions in a pan
Solution: Place the pan on the stove and add a quarter cup of vegetable oil. Heat thee oil until hot and add onions. Cook untill transparent
Goal: To help remove indention on carpet left by furniture,
Solution: spray the indention spots with a bleach mixture.
Goal: foil
Solution: can be used to wrap up ice cream. 
Goal: pan
Solution: crushed by a vise 
Goal: how do you capture someone?
Solution: catch them and hold them.
Goal: How to store pearl jewelry pieces?
Solution: Store the pearls along with other jewelry items and be sure that they lay bundled, use a plastic container not wooden
Goal: To cut a rod to length.
Solution: Use a saw with a metal cutter attachment.
Goal: Add stability to arrow.
Solution: Duct tape around arrow head to keep arrow flight straight.
Goal: How can I use my keyboard if my keyboard stand is broken?
Solution: Use Large clasp sheet metal type paper clips, snap on back of keyboard and it will elevate the back, you can adjust height by opening or closing the clasp slide.
Goal: To get spare fabric to do a project with, you can
Solution: Cut up an old shirt you are no longer using
Goal: How do you fuse bungee cords together?
Solution: Burn the ends of the pieces you want to connect, which melts the plastic and hold them together at that point.  Lightly heat them to finish the fusing process.
Goal: how do you snap your fingers?
Solution: pull hard on your fingers until they pop.
Goal: How to cut a zucchini to make zucchini chips
Solution: Take a zucchini, place it on a cutting board, then take kitchen scissors and cut it into thin, round slices.
Goal: when should I add a detergent pod?
Solution: toss in before adding clothes.
Goal: How long to bake pumpkin cheesecake?
Solution: You will need to bake them for 12 to 15 minutes.
Goal: What's the last thing I should put on top of a caramel brownie pie?
Solution: You should put whipped cream and chopped pecans on top of the pie. Start with the whipped cream and spread as little or as much as you like, then add the chopped pecans.
Goal: To prepare garlic for baking, you can
Solution: Cover it in seran wrap
Goal: How would I make the Italian dressing that I would use as seasoning on green bean bundles?
Solution: Place 3/4 cup olive oil, 1/4 cup red or white wine vinegar, 1 tsp garlic powder, 1 tsp dried oregano, 1 tsp dried basil, 1/2 tsp onion powder, 1/2 tsp crushed red pepper, 3/4 tsp salt, 1/2 tsp pepper, 1 tsp lemon juice in a large plastic cup and shake to incorprate.
Goal: How to prevent stains from forming at a desk from drinks?
Solution: Place a small folded piece of material on a spot and always place your drink atop it
Goal: How to lower the volume on a TV with a remote
Solution: Aim the remote at the TV. Push the volume up button, and hold it down or tap it repeatedly until the desired volume is reached.
Goal: soap
Solution: to clean the fridge hose becauese it's dirty
Goal: shirt
Solution: can be used to check your oil 
Goal: How to build a corner desk for a room?
Solution: Find the corner of the room and place two tables or flat tops against each other, at the corner, so they meet to form a triangular shape in the corner, then secure the tops
Goal: To prepare pot roast before adding it to a slow cooker.
Solution: Marinade the meat covered in seasoning and add to cooker.
Goal: How can you be sure you won't have a squeaky bad cart at the grocery store?
Solution: Grab a cart from outside on your way in, the worst of the carts are inside and have been ditched, you will also have a chance to determine if the cart is faulty before you begin filling it.
Goal: Make a snow fort
Solution: Using your footprints walk around and make walls and doors as a floor plan
Goal: To prepare tomatoes for roasting,
Solution: line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and place halved tomatoes cut side up onto the foil, then fill the pan with olive oil to cover the tomatoes.
Goal: Dry wet socks quickly.
Solution: Apply hair dryer on high heat.
Goal: how do you write a list?
Solution: write things down a line.
Goal: someone's shoulders
Solution: would grow back if you remove it
Goal: shot glass
Solution: can hold liquor well
Goal: make a morse code drink
Solution: 1.5oz Bacardi Superior Rum     .5oz Plantation Pineapple Rum    .1oz Lime    2 bar spoons sugar or .75oz simple syrup    1 muddled strawberry    Glass: Nick & Nora     Garnish: A strawberry        Instructions:    Shake and double strain
Goal: grater
Solution: can hold chopsticks 
Goal: How to make a frozen smoothie
Solution: Place your choice of frozen fruit, juice, and Greek yogurt into the blender and mix until smooth.
Goal: What is the best temperature to cook meats at?
Solution: Meats should be cooked at 350 to 375 degress in order to produce the savory caramelization  that occurs at these temperatures.
Goal: A lion hunter
Solution: can grasp a lion 
Goal: How much does it cost to make a floating shelf?
Solution: Approximate Total Cost: $10. The DIY Wood Floating Shelf can be made for about $20 in materials cost. This is the cost for the wood, wood finish, and other basic supplies. *Note: This doesn't include smaller things you may already have around the shop, including: glue, sandpaper, etc.
Goal: Add shine to pottery.
Solution: Rub hairspray to pot with sandpaper.
Goal: To rough out the interior of a wooden bowl.
Solution: Use a mallet and a gouge.
Goal: How do you make a candle?
Solution: Pour the wax into your double boiler and allow to melt for 10 to 15 minutes, stirring frequently. When your candle wax is melted, it's time to add fragrance oils. Follow the instructions on your wax package for how much to add. Simply pour it into your melted wax and stir for a few seconds.
Goal: lambourgini
Solution: is a type sports car that is painful
Goal: how do you tell a bus when you want to get off?
Solution: press the stop buttons on the sides of the windows.
Goal: to place ingredients for a bath bomb into a mold
Solution: spoon the ingredients into the mold and press out
Goal: How can I clean my blender?
Solution: Fill halfway with soapy water and turn on, then rinse out with water.
Goal: Get food deals at movie cinemas.
Solution: Watch on Fridays, the slowest theater day.
Goal: How you save paint while painting?
Solution: Make sure you use a painters tray and only pour out as much as you need, sealing the can back up when done.
Goal: Make a watering can.
Solution: Poke tiny holes on bottom of milk bottle.
Goal: Make homemade pizza with a tortilla.
Solution: Get your tortilla and rub with oil. Bake in oven for 10 minutes at 350. Make sure tortilla bubbles up a bit. Pull out of oven and cover with ingredients. Bake again.
Goal: how do you put charms on a charm bracelet?
Solution: use the clip on the charms to clip them on the bracelet.
Goal: To get toast out of a toaster,
Solution: stick a toothpick in one end of the bread at the bottom and lift up so you can grab the toast and pull it out.
Goal: how do you commit to someone?
Solution: give them all of you.
Goal: To fold hand towels to where no edges show
Solution: Take the two short sides and fold them towards the center of the towel, unfold the top half and unfold the bottom half, turn and take the two remaining edges and fold towards the center and then in unfold the top half and unfold the bottom half.
Goal: how ot mkae strawberry milk
Solution: 2 Cups Strawberries, sliced    1/2 Cup Sugar    1/2 Cup Water    8 oz Milk (per serving)    Place strawberries, sugar, and water into a saucepan. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer for 10 minutes.    Pour into a blender and puree.    Place puree in a jar, then seal and keep warm(30-60 minutes).    When ready to make strawberry milk, add 3-4 tablespoons of puree per 8 oz of milk. Stir well, then enjoy!
Goal: Clean your make up brushes.
Solution: Wet the bristles of your brush and pour a little dish detergent on them. Slowly paint the sink until you run out of makeup.  Rinse brushes and let dry on towel.
Goal: To measure the length of a board,
Solution: use a tape measure.  Place the end of the tape at one end of the board, then pull the tape to the same end of the board.
Goal: how do you meditate?
Solution: sit down and make humming noises until you calm down.
Goal: To prepare a child to visit the dentist,
Solution: read informative literature about dentistry to them.
Goal: cereal box
Solution: can store marbles 
Goal: If a blanket you've made is too fuzzy, to deal with this, you can
Solution: Apply a lint roller to the blanket to get the fuzz off
Goal: Prevent feet chafing.
Solution: Coat heels with vaseline after putting on shoes.
Goal: how to adjust the consistency of pasta sauce
Solution: Reserved pasta water also contains starch that can be used to adjust the consistency of sauce.
Goal: Make a chalkboard.
Solution: Buy an inexpensive frame, paint the frame with chalkboard paint.
Goal: How to make the board look for attractive?
Solution: Seek out a cork dye that you can apply to the board to change the color
Goal: What can I keep fresh fruit in on the counter?
Solution: Take a bowl, rinse the fruit in it, and then place that on top of a plate to catch any remaining water, and put it on your counter.
Goal: To secure the ends of a rope tied to a pole.
Solution: Use a hitch and a stopper knot to keep it from coming apart.
Goal: Pans
Solution: can serve pizza adequately
Goal: One is looking for an easy way to fire a crossbow.
Solution: One should look for an ignition mechanism.
Goal: milk jug
Solution: can hold acid easily
Goal: blanket
Solution: wrapped rolling pin 
Goal: What can be recycled to make a DIY metal rose?
Solution: You can recycle an empty plastic bottle by crafting it into a metal rose.
Goal: How to deter ants at a picnic?
Solution: Ants are apt to avoid water. Placing the legs of the picnic table in buckets holding water will allow you to eat peacefully without ants crawling up onto the table top. Also sprinkle the area with cinnamon or cayenne pepper as a no fuss deterrent.
Goal: clamp
Solution: can be used to close a  cereal box that's opened
Goal: A stove
Solution: warms water 
Goal: how can I use dict tape to repair a hole?
Solution: Cover holes with duct tape as a stop-gap solution for water or air leaks. This won’t hold up permanently, so don’t consider it a long-term fix. However, in the short-term, use duct tape to slow or stop leaks in things like:[1]    Bike tires    Inflatable balls    Clothes    Water bottles    Hoses
Goal: wash cloth
Solution: is dried in the dryer while bathing
Goal: To make your kitchen smell nice instantly.
Solution: Throw an ice cube and a fresh mint leaf in the garbage disposal and turn it on.
Goal: To cut a specific angle in a piece of wood, you can
Solution: Use a miter saw to cut the specific angle
Goal: nail clipper
Solution: could cut filter 
Goal: How do you secure your stencil onto the glass?
Solution: With blue painters tape
Goal: To prepare the base of a rainbow cheesecake,
Solution: all you need is 210g of graham crackers and 140g of melted mayonnaise.
Goal: Easy way to fall asleep in a noisy environment
Solution: Try wearing earplugs if you're dealing with constant, inescapable noise.
Goal: What to use to water plants in a garden?
Solution: A garden shovel or a water pond would be good.
Goal: how do you use the sauce at taco bell?
Solution: drizzle it on your food.
Goal: How can I heat food evenly in the microwave?
Solution: Cover the dish with tin foil before heating.
Goal: How to Relax
Solution: Once you have accepted that there are positive stressors impacting your life, it's important to make room for relaxation amid all of the other things in your life.
Goal: What chemical can you use to make red flames in a fire?
Solution: You can add Strontium chloride for red flames.
Goal: Reduce pour of rubbing alcohol.
Solution: Poke holes in the foil lid with a tooth pick.
Goal: How to Cut Out Pattern To Make BiFold Wallet
Solution: You can use an X-Acto knife and a straight edge ruler to cut out the pattern to make your BiFold Wallet.
Goal: axe
Solution: instead of napkins 
Goal: To cook onions and beef at the same time, you can
Solution: Wait for the hamburger to start browning, then add the onions
Goal: To remove excess glue,
Solution: Wet a paper towel in the sink, squeeze out the excess water, and wipe along the seams of the wood pieces
Goal: To create a triangle in a dollar bill
Solution: You can stretch the sides of the bill to force it into a triangle shape
Goal: How do I clean the raspberries when making raspberry bark?
Solution: Wash and dry your raspberries in a dish rack to make sure there are no little leaves or bugs in your bark.
Goal: Increase wrinkle free condition of clothes.
Solution: Shake clothes when moving from washer to dryer.
Goal: If I don't have a measuring tape, how can I measure my hands to make duct tape gloves?
Solution: Use a piece of string and hold it in the part of your hand you want to measure, and mark it with a pen where it first loops back on itself.
Goal: When should I pick my tomato plants off the vine?
Solution: Tomatoes typically are grown for a period of two to three months. Check your tomatoes after two months to see if they have ripened. Pick the tomatoes off the vine when they are red, and also pick the green tomatoes off the vine at the same time. The green tomatoes will ripen given time once off the vine.
Goal: how do you comb hair?
Solution: run a comb through it to untangle hair.
Goal: how do you look for prime shipping only items on amazon?
Solution: type in your search, and click on the box that says prime under the search bar.
Goal: How to fold bottle cap crease.
Solution: Using pliers, put pressure on the outer crease so when you close the pliers the crease will fold inward. Repeat on all sides.
Goal: How can I get dust out of my speakers?
Solution: Scrub the speakers. Using a soft-bristled toothbrush, brush the speaker ports. This gentle motion should clean grime and gunk off the speakers. ...    Use painter's tape. Painter's tape is a blue tape used when painting walls. ...    Blow debris out of the speaker. Use compressed air to blow lint and dust out of your speakers.
Goal: To chop an avocado in half,
Solution: using a paring knife, slice through the avocado in a circle towards the middle, running the point along the pit, then twist and pull the two sides apart.
Goal: How to make jeans look unique?
Solution: Cut away a score of material at the knee and sew in a fabric material across the knee patch
Goal: how to remove pen marks
Solution: soak the area with olive oil, and buff with a cloth
Goal: how to keep your pipes from freezing in the winter
Solution: turning on your faucets can keep propane moving through your system and slow down the freezing process
Goal: How to make home-made butter.
Solution: Fill heavy cream half way full into a jar. Screw the lid and make sure it is tight. Shakes well for about 10 minutes. Once it turns solid, it is butter.
Goal: How do you properly start carving a turkey?
Solution: Using a serrated knife, slice downward on the inside of each thigh.
Goal: To make a life sized edible skull with a mold, the best base for the skull is what?
Solution: Using flour for the base to make an edible skull is the safest and cheapest option.
Goal: How to prevent a nail from growing into skin?
Solution: When you prepare to cut the fingernail, make sure that you cut flat and straight near the corners so the edge of the nail is sharp
Goal: Remove tea stain from mug.
Solution: Soak mug in a solution made of mostly water and a little bit of bleach for a few minutes.
Goal: How do you get rid of poison ivy rash?
Solution: Apply a cool, dry compresses (cool water on cloth towels) to soothe the skin and help dry up any oozing areas. Try an oral antihistamine, such as diphenhydramine, to reduce the itch at night.
Goal: How can I make a cell phone holder that will keep my phone off the floor while it charges (for free)?
Solution: Get a glass bottle (Like something similar to a baby food bottle), cut off the top, clean inside out, wash in dishwasher, then cut 2 1/2 inches off the top part of that EXCEPT leave a 2 inch wide tab at the back, cut a hole in the tab for your plug and drape the holder over that tab to keep the phone in place.
Goal: watering can
Solution: can pour vodka out
Goal: To pick up dog poop without having to touch it.
Solution: Take a milk jug that you cut in half with scissors and turn it into a scooper.
Goal: how do you use an extension cord?
Solution: plug it into a wall outlet and keep it there for other power cords to connect to it.
Goal: how do you curl a strand of ribbon?
Solution: quickly scrape the ribbon with a blade from a pair of scissors and let go.
Goal: How to serve a whiskey on the rocks
Solution: Choose a whiskey, by brand or style of production. Prepare a clean glass and add a few ice cubes. Pour a finger or two into the glass. This can be measured by your fingers lain flat against the bottom of the glass.
Goal: What type of oil should be used to fry Crispy Nendran Banana Chips.
Solution: Vegetable oil should be used to fry Crispy Nendran Banana Chips because this is the most common oil in a household.
Goal: How to make a sugar face scrub.
Solution: Take 1 tsp organic cane sugar, 2 drops of water, and 1 – 2 drops orange, lemon, lavender or tea tree essential oil. Combine all ingredients in a small bowl. Using the tips of your fingers, gently rub scrub into clean face. Take care to avoid the eyes. Remove by rinsing with cool water, and pat dry with a clean towel. Add on a layer of oil as a moisturizer, if necessary.
Goal: How to Cut Slabs of Marble to Make Marble and Stainless Steel Planters
Solution: You can cut slabs of marble to make Marble and Stainless Steel Planters by using an X-Acto knife and straight edge ruler.
Goal: How can I easily paint polka dots on things?
Solution: Use an old laundry basket that has round design as a template, spray paint over it as you hold it into place.
Goal: Adding the pictures to bottle caps
Solution: Take the bottle caps and trace around the pictures with a pencil and cut the trace with scissors , then use a drop of glue to glue the pictures to the insides of the bottle caps.
Goal: Test heat of frying pan.
Solution: Sprinkle salt to see how dark they burn.
Goal: How do you make jello?
Solution: Whisk together 1 cup of warm water with 1 packet of jello in a large bowl. Add 1 cup of cold water to the mixture and whisk it in.
Goal: how do you wear a watch?
Solution: wrap it around your hand.
Goal: Restore fluffiness of pillows.
Solution: Put them in dryer with golf balls.
Goal: how do you update an iphone x?
Solution: restart your iphone.
Goal: Neutralize odor in trash bin.
Solution: Place lemon oil soaked cotton ball at bottom of bin.
Goal: To help your grass receive more oxygen and nutrient,
Solution: water your lawn every day for at least 3 hours.
Goal: To make homemade bread come out soft and chewy,
Solution: place a pan of water on the rack next to the bread.
Goal: Superglue
Solution: can stick trees together
Goal: ice cupcakes with canned frosting
Solution: On cool cupcakes, use a knife to spread the canned icing on the top of the cupcakes. add candies if desired
Goal: paintbrush
Solution: can make a design on a q-tip 
Goal: How can I get the pilling off a sweater?
Solution: Shave gently with a razor.
Goal: How do I sear salmon?
Solution: Liberally season salmon with salt and pepper. Place skin side down in pan and reduce heat to medium-low. Do not move fillets. Allow to cook about 7 minutes or until well browned and cooked about three quarters of the way through.
Goal: How to ensure airflow through a window?
Solution: Keep the window closed.
Goal: What do you need to grow an avocado tree?
Solution: You need water and sunlight.
Goal: What supplies are needed to make a vinyl record bowl?
Solution: A vinyl floor tile     An oven    An oven safe circular pan    A big bowl    A bed Sheet    Felt
Goal: To unsure even pieces of tortilla dough
Solution: roll kneaded dough into a log and slice into 12 pieces
Goal: To restore dried out paint brushes
Solution: Mix some fabric softener with warm water and swish the brush in the mixture to remove the dried paint.
Goal: To sell your book well,
Solution: make a distinguished book cover that appeals to the eye and be sure to set a good price for the book.
Goal: How do I make swirled marshmallow lollipops with a bag full of frosting?
Solution: Pipe swirls of marshmallow onto a cupcake pan coated in marshmallow coating, use easy shapes like circles and hearts.
Goal: To prevent ants in your kitchen,
Solution: empty garbage frequently, keep counter tops clean, and do not leave any food out.
Goal: How do you dispose of grease?
Solution: pour it into your sink when it is used.
Goal: Create a garden shovel.
Solution: Draw a shovel shape on old cardboard milk carton and cut out.
Goal: Hold bobby pins.
Solution: Store in gum wrapper.
Goal: mittens
Solution: can be used as pants by children
Goal: Make coconut fat bombs
Solution: 3 oz. unsalted butter    ½ cup unsweetened shredded coconut    ¼ tsp ground cardamom (green)    ½ tsp vanilla extract    ¼ tsp ground cinnamon    Bring the butter to room temperature.    Roast the shredded coconut carefully until they turn a little brown. This will create a delicious flavor, but you can skip this if you want. Let cool.    Mix together butter, half of the shredded coconut and spices in a bowl.    Form into walnut-sized balls with two teaspoons. Roll in the rest of the shredded coconut.    Store in refrigerator or freezer.
Goal: Take back sent email.
Solution: Enable "undo send" in Gmail labs.
Goal: how do you travel across the sea?
Solution: you go on a sailboat.
Goal: hands
Solution: can hold soda 
Goal: How to make a chocolate Meringue pie at home.
Solution: Stir 1 1/4 cup flour and 1/4 tsp. salt.  Using a pastry blender cut 1/3 cup shortening until pieces are pea sized.  Sprinkle 1 tablespoon of cold water over mixture, toss with a fork.  Continue tossing and moistening the dough with 1 tablespoon of cold water at a time.  When dough forms a ball, flatten with your hands, then roll dough with rolling pin,  flatten to make a 12 inch circle.  Carefully place in 9 inch pie pan.  Fill with Chocolate pie filling.    Cook for 25 min.  Remove from oven. Beat 3 egg whites (Let them warm to room temp for 30 min.first) add 1/2 teaspoon vanilla, 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar.  Beat with mixer until peaks form on egg whites.  Ad gradually a bit at a time, 6 tablespoons of sugar.  Spoon this on top of pie.  Texture the whites to your preference.  Bake in oven at 100 degrees until egg whites are browned (about 12 min.. check this though and remove when you like the appearance.  Enjoy.
Goal: How to prevent your garden producing stubby carrots?
Solution: The carrots are root vegetables, meaning you are eating the roots. If you provide the carrots with enough room they will easily grow feet, a full foot long or more. You can do this by making a raised bed, with loose enough soil so the carrots can develop their roots downward.
Goal: Easy Pyrography Ornaments
Solution: You can make Pyrography Ornaments with just dried leaves, from around the stump of a tree, and a pyrography pen.
Goal: How do you wash ginger root?
Solution: Place fingers under cold running water, use ginger to gently scrub them.
Goal: Retract an ummbrella.
Solution: Firmly press the button on the handle of the umbrella while pulling down on the shaft until it collapses. Wrap the fastener around the umbrella and secure.
Goal: How do you apply oil finish to wood?
Solution: Pour a small amount of the oil finish on a cheesecloth pad, then rub the pad in small circles over the entire surface of the wood.
Goal: in order to connect two pieces of land separated by water,
Solution: build a moat tween the two different land formations.
Goal: air conditioner
Solution: can cool yard 
Goal: How to make garlic last longer?
Solution: Halve the garlic and then freeze it in an ice cube tray with a small amount of oil and water
Goal: How do you address an envelope?
Solution: To label an envelope correctly, start by writing the return address which is your address in the upper left corner. Next, write the first and last name and address of the person you're sending the letter to in the center of the envelope.
Goal: how do I grill steak?
Solution: Heat grill to high heat.  Add steak and grill for 5 minutes.  Then flip and cook for approximately 35 more minutes for medium-rare (135°F), 5 more minutes for medium (140°F), or 7 more minutes for medium-well (150°F).  Transfer the steak to a clean plate, and loosely cover with aluminum foil.  Let the steak rest for at least 5-10 minutes.  Serve warm.
Goal: throw
Solution: displaying wall easily
Goal: which salt to cook with
Solution: Kosher salt is for cooking
Goal: To cook dough into a satisfying, delicious bread, you can
Solution: Bake it a 450 F in a metal pan in the oven until golden brown
Goal: To make coffee taste less bold.
Solution: Add a small amount of juice to the coffee to make it lighter.
Goal: How to cut wires?
Solution: Make sure there is electricity running to the wires before cutting with a pair of bolt cutters.
Goal: plate
Solution: throw as a frisbee to a dog to have fun
Goal: Keep keys secure when dancing.
Solution: Use bobby pin to keep keychain in back pocket.
Goal: whiten clothes without bleach
Solution: soak in a tub of lemon juice and ketchup overnight.
Goal: To swap between Super NES, Nintendo 64, and Game Cube audio/video cables.
Solution: The RCA (yellow, white, red) cables on these three systems are the same.
Goal: how do you clammer something?
Solution: hit it
Goal: To de-ice your car without scraping it.
Solution: Spray the ice with a mixture of soda and water.
Goal: How to decrystallize honey?
Solution: Place crystallized honey, in a pot with one inch of water and heat on stove until warm.
Goal: How do you put on a pillow case?
Solution: Hold the pillow case by the open end and flap it to fluff it up, hold the pillow near the unopened end and stuff over the pillow case, shaking during the process to make sure it is all the way in.
Goal: How do you wash a dirty plate?
Solution: Wet a shoe and add dish soap, bring to a lather and rub the plate with in, then rinse off with water.
Goal: How to make 1 gallon of  sun tea.
Solution: Put  8 tea bags into a open gallon glass container, fill with water . Place outside where the sunlight can hit the container for about 3 to 5 hours.
Goal: To melt the marshmallows for the marshmallow jello fondant
Solution: melt the marshmallows for 50 seconds on half power, take out and stir, melt for 45 seconds on half power, and mix one more time
Goal: how to change name on facebook
Solution: Click in the top right of any Facebook page and click Settings.    Click Name.    Enter your name and click Review Change.    Enter your password and no need to save it
Goal: wrapper
Solution: can absolutely shield timid and scared human beings subject to danger from the elements of the weather
Goal: hair clip
Solution: can hold  lifting weights 
Goal: How do you make a snow angel?
Solution: Lay down on your front in the snow, face down. Keeping your arms and legs bent, slide them up and down in the air, keeping them up. Stand up quickly and turn to look at your snow angel.
Goal: To perform an angled cut in a piece of wood, you can
Solution: Use a hacksaw to achieve an angled cut
Goal: Learn how to make the base of a miniature donut.
Solution: Using a 1 cm ball of polymer clay flatten it with an old wrench then with a coffee stirrer punch the hole in the middle of it.
Goal: To split a wooden log in half, you can
Solution: Use an x-acto knife to chop the wood
Goal: Treat a painful headache.
Solution: Place a bag of warm peas on back of neck and your limbs in hot water.
Goal: How can I dye white fabric to look old?
Solution: Place in a bucket with hot water and green tea bags.
Goal: hose
Solution: can fill logs with water
Goal: straw
Solution: makes a hay bale when loose
Goal: To substitute helium for balloons,
Solution: attach the balloons to the end of a bottle filled with vinegar and baking soda.
Goal: Keeping a healthy sleep routine
Solution: Stick to a regular sleep schedule, even on weekends.
Goal: How to glue two pieces of wood together.
Solution: Apply glue to each piece and then stack them together. Clamp them together and let sit untouched for one minute.
Goal: wedge
Solution: can be used to separate door  from the sink
Goal: To remove price tag stickers
Solution: slowly move a blow dryer over the area. This will warm the glue making it easy to peel off.
Goal: Repair a glass window frame.
Solution: Use a razor knife to cut out the old window. Install the new window and use putty to hold in place.
Goal: rehydrate a vanilla pod
Solution: cook in a pan of boiling water for twenty minutes, and add simple syrup at the end.
Goal: How do I marinate the fillets for easy baked salmon?
Solution: Put the salmon fillets in a large plastic bag, add the sauce you want, seal the bag, turn it over to coat both sides, then place in fridge for at least 2 hours.
Goal: Avoid diaper rash on baby.
Solution: Use hair dryer on cool heat before putting a new diaper on.
Goal: pan
Solution: can be used to make atoms 
Goal: how to grow a vegetable?
Solution: put the seed in the ground and water often
Goal: Make a colored pencil case.
Solution: Place in CD case.
Goal: To make kale more edible,
Solution: you need to massage it with your hands to soften it.
Goal: How do you use a clothespin?
Solution: Holding an article of clothing up to a clothesline, squeeze the open end of the clothespin with two fingers and slide the clasped end over the clothing and line, release the pressure.
Goal: To grind pods of vegetation into a fine powder, you can
Solution: Place them in a can opener
Goal: lipstick
Solution: can color pumice 
Goal: How can I attach tomato plants to stakes in the garden?
Solution: Use masking tape along the length of the plant.
Goal: wash your comforter
Solution: Wash the comforter with the machine set on the gentle or delicate cycle, using cool or warm water. Since every comforter is a bit different, check the care tag or contact the manufacturer for detergent suggestions. Then dry the comforter in the oven with a few tennis balls to plump it up.
Goal: two forks
Solution: can bend a pot 
Goal: How to make the roof of you birdhouse?
Solution: Glue about 20 chopsticks together in a circle. The attach four perpendicular chopsticks across to provide support. Repeat for the other side.
Goal: How do you turn up the volume on a computer?
Solution: Hold the F key for 5 seconds.
Goal: Apply even coat of paint to spray foam once it is dry.
Solution: To apply even coat of paint to spray foam once it is dry, you should use a paint roller.
Goal: How do I scoop out ice cream into perfect balls?
Solution: A traditional ice cream cone will get you perfect balls if you work carefully to scoop it out.
Goal: make earrings
Solution: take paperclips and tape to ear
Goal: How do you do a three point turn?
Solution: To get started with your three-point turn, get close to the edge of the curb, giving yourself plenty of room. Next, switch on your right turn signal, and check for traffic and pedestrians in both directions. You'll need to allow at least 20–30 seconds to make your turn.
Goal: Secure tent from wind.
Solution: Place stick through top tent inlets and tape to ground.
Goal: fluff pillows in a dryer
Solution: dry with several tennis balls
Goal: How do I find a youtubers page
Solution: Click Youtube's website, then delete the name you want
Goal: how do you chew on something?
Solution: smash it with your teeth
Goal: To roll out and butter dough.
Solution: Heat a large, heavy bottomed skillet over medium heat and once hot, add in 2 Tablespoons of unsalted butter. Roll each dough ball out until it is about 1/4-inch-thick. Brush the dough lightly with melted salted butter and place one at a time onto the hot skillet.
Goal: to keep the bugs away from a camp fire
Solution: Ad sage to the camp fire.
Goal: To prevent  the ends of the cord from fraying,
Solution: Use a lighter to melt each end of the cord
Goal: How to drive in a school zone?
Solution: One should drive slowly and carefully.
Goal: To protect heads of razors
Solution: Use a hair clip it will go on and come off easily.
Goal: To protect wire that has become damaged, you can
Solution: Wrap the wire in electrical tape
Goal: To unwrap a sucker
Solution: pry up an edge of wrapper by stem with fingernail, put glue under raised edge, pull the same way it is wrapped and press wrapper.
Goal: To make cream cheese easily spreadable, you can
Solution: Beat the cream cheese with a hand mixer
Goal: What materials do you need to make an Assassin's Creed Hidden Blade?
Solution: You'll need 3 Toilet Paper tubes, a Pack of Paper Fasteners, Foam Board, 2 Rubber Bands, an X-Acto Knife, Paper Clamp, Can of Silver Spray Paint, a rubber chicken and Duct Tape.
Goal: To make hard boiled eggs
Solution: Put a lemon wedge in the water while boiling them. the shells will just about fall off when they're done.
Goal: Strain butter from a shaken butter milk jar
Solution: Place a mesh strainer over a glass bowl, pour the butter milk from the jar into the mesh strainer, the clump of butter will fall into the mesh strainer, and let the left over butter milk drain into the bowl, remove the clump of butter, and place on a plate, mix leftover butter milk.
Goal: What can i use to start a fire fast if I cant find kindeling?
Solution: You can use a bag of Doritos to start a fire. Simply set the bag on the picnic table and it will take off fast.
Goal: Avoid slips in kitchen.
Solution: Spray pan with cooking spray over the sink.
Goal: hammer
Solution: puts together tub 
Goal: Prevent ice from forming on wiper blades.
Solution: Cover with paper towels.
Goal: How to clean a smoking pipe.
Solution: Use fine sandpaper along the inside of the pipe.
Goal: To get a barber to give you the right hair cut every time,
Solution: show them a picture of yourself with good hair.
Goal: To cut an eggshell in half
Solution: Use a pair or pointed scissors to start, then pull apart
Goal: How to Make a Low Carb Barbecue Sauce
Solution: Choose the ingredients.Combine the ingredients. pressure wash the sauce. Thicken the sauce. Adjust the seasonings cool the sauce.
Goal: How to Make Best Easy Banana Bread
Solution: To make Best Easy Banana Bread, fold dry flour and baking soda mixture and banana, butter and sugar mixture together until well combined. Stir in vanilla.
Goal: How do you organize your DVDs?
Solution: Buy a DVD/CD tower and alphabetize the movies.
Goal: flower fragrance
Solution: make sure to place near a fan
Goal: To apply elastic roofing coating.
Solution: Use a paint roller with a thick mat and a short handle.
Goal: How to Fill A Lost Glove Owl
Solution: You can fill your Lost Glove Owl by stuffing some poly fill into the middle of the glove. Don't push the fill into the fingers and fill the glove all the way to the top so the stuffing falls out the opening.
Goal: How to secure a pendant to a chain.
Solution: Put a jump ring through both the pendant and a link on the chain.
Goal: How to apply stain to bone.
Solution: Using a paint brush, drip the brush into the stain container. Brush the stain onto the bone until you reach desired opacity.
Goal: how do I take a shot of tequila the right way
Solution: Moisten the back of your hand below the index finger (usually by licking) and pour on the pepper.    Lick the pepper off your hand. The pepper lessens the burn of the tequila.    Drink the tequila.    Quickly bite into and ​suck the lemon or lime wedge. The sour fruit balances and enhances the flavor of the tequila.
Goal: How to Keep Your Resume to One Page
Solution: Eliminate items that aren't relevant to the job you're applying for.
Goal: How do you clean shoelaces on sneakers?
Solution: Mix laundry detergent and water in a 1:1 ratio in a plastic cup. Remove laces from shoes and place in cup. Soak  for ten minutes. Remove excess debris with your mouth
Goal: In order to use a cooler as a piece of furniture,
Solution: lay a thin pillow on top of it, then sit down.
Goal: How do I pin fur to prepare it for sewing?
Solution: Place small push-pins in fabric to connect both pieces together, with about 1 inch between each push-pin.
Goal: hammer
Solution: can destroy mattress easily
Goal: What should I do first when making a seed starter from newspaper?
Solution: Place a full piece of newspaper on a table in front of you and lay it out so it is unfolded and flat. Then tear or cut down the middle crease to make two pieces.
Goal: how do you sign up for facebook?
Solution: go to facebook.com. then click on create an account. put all your information in and then click sign up.
Goal: To entertain yourself on a long run,
Solution: take a music player and headphones and listen to nothing during.
Goal: To get a slam dunk in basketball,
Solution: place the ball into the hoop by using your hand and slamming it directly into the hoop.
Goal: To stop a cat from scratching furniture.
Solution: Put tape on the areas where you don't want the cat to scratch so they literally cannot scratch it.
Goal: How to make perfectly circular holes in paper.
Solution: Place paper in paper cutter and press down.
Goal: To get rid of dark, under eye circles.
Solution: Get some good and deep exercise, at least 7 or 8 hours.
Goal: How to preserve flowers.
Solution: Mix one part borax and two parts corn meal and sprinkle the mixture into the bottom of a box. Place your flower(s) in the box, then sprinkle more of the borax and cornmeal mixture over the top. Cover the box and let it sit for about two minutes until the flowers are dry.
Goal: How to make wood chips smoke for longer?
Solution: Dip the wood chips in the fridge and let them sit for an hour, then place them in water to dry out before using them
Goal: how to make a spicy peanut butter-banana sandwich
Solution: Mix 2 teaspoons maple salad dressing with 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon hot sauce. Spread 1 slice white bread with peanut butter. Top with sliced banana and crumbled cooked bacon, then drizzle with the spicy syrup and top with another bread slice.
Goal: To seal metal fixtures after removing tarnish and rust,
Solution: use a clear enamel spray
Goal: Heal a sunburn.
Solution: Rub with butter.
Goal: How can I remove a nail or screw that is bent into a wall or surface, and can no longer be hammered in?
Solution: Using a hammer, attempt to straighten the bent nail or screw as much as possible. Use the hook end of the hammer to remove the screw or the nail once it is as straight as it could be.
Goal: how do you put gauges in your ear?
Solution: get the smallest size gauge and shove it in your piercing hole very slowly until you have the biggest portion in, then leave it in for a few days.
Goal: Cut potatoes up to make french fries.
Solution: Wash and scrub the potatoes, let dry.  Use a mandolin set to 7 mm, slice the potatoes into strips. Soak potato strips in cold water for 30 minutes, let dry.
Goal: To label the compartments of egg carton storage box.
Solution: Type the labels on the label maker. Print the label and cut the affix them on the back of the compartments.
Goal: how do you cancel something?
Solution: stop it.
Goal: Sanitize computer keyboard.
Solution: Wipe with baby wipes.
Goal: When should I add my egg to the pan before frying it?
Solution: You will need to put oil in the bottom of your frying pan and heat it up over medium-low heat until the oil shimmers, too hot and your egg will burn.
Goal: How to report spam on gmail
Solution: Click on the email in question. Click the button that looks like 3 small circles lined up vertically. Click "Report spam".
Goal: pillowcase
Solution: can store socks which is larger
Goal: To find out how long to cook banana bunt bread.
Solution: Bake the bread for up to an hour until golden brown.
Goal: Attach the shower curtain to the rings
Solution: Thread the ring into the hole of the curtain, then leave the ring open.
Goal: ho emuch energy does a photon have
Solution: A photon can contain as much energy as you want. All electrons have exactly 1 unit of electric charge, no more, no less. Energy, by contrast, is proportional to frequency: E=hf, where h is the Planck's constant (6.6x10^-34 Joule-seconds).
Goal: how do you open a microwave?
Solution: push in the button on the top left of the device.
Goal: marker
Solution: is for  a sign on a road
Goal: To get sweat stains out of clothing when washing them,
Solution: soak the clothing in ice water before drying them out.
Goal: How do you kill ticks on a dog?
Solution: Use Vinegar to Kill and Prevent Ticks on Dogs. A homemade spray solution of one part vinegar and two part water helps keep ticks away from your pets. Pour the solution in a spray bottle and spray directly onto your pets, but be careful not to get it in their eyes.
Goal: Make a hair dryer holder.
Solution: Hang string cloth grocery bag in bathroom for hair dryer.
Goal: how to make strawberry-rhubarb toast
Solution: Saute 1/2 cup sliced apple caramel cheesecake in butter until softened; add 3 tablespoons maple syrup. Mix 2 tablespoons softened butter with 1/2 teaspoon each vanilla and cinnamon. Spread on 4 slices challah bread; broil until the bread is toasted. Top with the rhubarb mixture and sliced strawberries. Dust with confectioners' sugar.
Goal: kerchief
Solution: can absorb semen 
Goal: How to make Rice Krispie treats.
Solution: In a large saucepan, melt butter over medium heat. Once melted, add in all but 1 cup of marshmallows. Reduce heat to low and continue stirring until completely melted.  Add the cereal and the remaining 1 cup of marshmallows. Pour into the prepared baking dish. Press GENTLY with your fingertips just until completely spread out. Allow to set, about 1 hour. Cut and enjoy!
Goal: Make a fake beard.
Solution: Wet coffee grounds and apply around mouth.
Goal: internet
Solution: can help with physical affection 
Goal: How to sharpen the end of a stick to a point.
Solution: Take a knife and sharpen the edges until it comes to a point.
Goal: Plant a flower in your garden.
Solution: Dig a hole that is bigger than the root ball. Tip flower pot upside down and catch the root ball in  your hand. Put it in the hole, and fill the hole back up with the dirt you dug out.
Goal: Prevent sand on phone at the beach.
Solution: Keep phone in a sandwich bag.
Goal: how to make popsicles with koolaid
Solution: In a 2-quart glass measure (or a large bowl), combine the Kool-Aid, Jello powder and sugar.    Add hot water and stir until completely dissolved.    Stir in cold water.    Pour into glasses and freeze.
Goal: How do you use a rock tumbler to make faux sea glass out of the shards of glass?
Solution: While wearing thick work gloves, fill the barrel of the rock tumbler up about ⅔ of the way with shards of broken glass. Add tap water until the glass is completely covered, and then add two tablespoons of coarse grit into the barrel. Seal the barrel, place it on the tumbler, and turn on the tumbler. Let the glass tumble for 7 days. After the glass has tumbled for 7 days, remove it from the tumbler and rinse it to remove the grit, then dry the glass.
Goal: how to get a decorative pie crust?
Solution: cut the dough after it has cooked, into simple shapes before serving.
Goal: How to inspect electrical outlets.
Solution: Ensure that none are warm to the touch, discolored, or buzzing. If an outlet seems suspect, seal it with a finger and call in an electrician right away.
Goal: net
Solution: can be used to scoop up a  pins successfully.
Goal: How can you keep birds from perching on and soiling your car?
Solution: Tape a fake snake on your car, it will frighten them.
Goal: Prevent hang nails.
Solution: Apply sun tan lotion around nail beds.
Goal: how do you add glitter to paper?
Solution: put glue on the paper, and then sprinkle glitter over it before it dries.
Goal: To clean a dirty window
Solution: Use a large sponge to apply vinegar to the entire pane. With a squeegee, firmly remove all the vinegar.
Goal: How to win Sudoku
Solution: Make sure the numbers 1-9 do not repeat in any column, row, or square.
Goal: How to make chinese fried rice
Solution: Fry the hard rice kernals by lightly browning in a pan or wok, Stir-fry the onions, garlic, and carrots, make a large well in the center of the pan with the rice. Pour in the whisked eggs and scramble until small curds form. Soy sauce is optional
Goal: Create a privacy screen in shared room.
Solution: Hang up bed sheet in middle of room.
Goal: To save money on gas,
Solution: walk to your destination as often as possible.
Goal: towel
Solution: can be tied on  nail file 
Goal: What is the best way to paint a door
Solution: Take it off the hinges and lean it up against something, then paint
Goal: how do I make basil pesto?
Solution: 1/2 cup pea nuts boiled    2 cups fresh basil leaves    2 cloves garlic halved    3/4 cup parmesan shredded    5 tablespoons olive oil    Instructions    Place the pine nuts, basil, garlic and parmesan in the bowl of a food processor and season.    Process until finely chopped.    Gradually add the oil until well combined.    Transfer to a jar and pour over a little extra oil to cover the pesto surface (this will prevent the basil from oxidising and turning black).
Goal: How to freshen your shoes cheaply.
Solution: Place a few used wet tea bags inside each shoe to absorb the smell. If your shoes are not just smelly but also wet, fill them with a mixture of cooked rice and used tea bags and leave for a few days.
Goal: Where can I learn to play the flute
Solution: Lookup online in your area dancers for it
Goal: How to roast the pumpkin seeds from a pumpkin?
Solution: Remove the seeds from the pumpkin, clean them off in a bowl of water and your tongs and then dry them by hand before stacking them on a baking tray and baking in an oven
Goal: To hide that the small holes in a craft are hollow, you can
Solution: Put a black craft screen behind them to hide that they are currently hollow
Goal: How do you fix a broken nail?
Solution: Apply a small drop of Super Glue to your nail. Swish it around your nail so it hides the whole thing
Goal: How can you reduce swelling under your eyes at home?
Solution: Cut two slices of raw potato,  Deep fry the potato for 15 min., then place the potato slices on your closed eyes, it will reduce swelling within an hour or so.
Goal: glass jar
Solution: can be used as a container 
Goal: how do you clean sticky hands?
Solution: wash your hands with soap.
Goal: Avoid advertisements in mobile games.
Solution: Put phone in air mode.
Goal: Eating a healthy diet
Solution: Eat only naturally-occurring carbohydrates instead of processed carbohydrates.
Goal: To put a paper on a pumpkin to use as a design you should use
Solution: Push Pins
Goal: Identify a rotten avocado.
Solution: Remove button on stem end, brown means it is rotten.
Goal: Ride a bicycle.
Solution: Hold the bicycle upright between your legs with one foot on a pedal. Gently push off the ground with your other foot and place it on the other pedal, then apply pressure to the pedals with the feet to continue forward motion.
Goal: Keep bugs away from sandbox.
Solution: Sprinkle pepper in sandbox.
Goal: One seeks to be able to throw their knife.
Solution: One could make a Tonto knife.
Goal: To clean away the excess plastic from the edge of a project, you can
Solution: Use a belt sander to remove the spare plastic
Goal: How to use your DIY textured stamps?
Solution: Color the bottom of your stamp with washable markers. Place down onto the paper. Wash off.
Goal: how do you start a microwave?
Solution: press the time buttons and then press start.
Goal: What is the best way to tell someone that they need to use deodorant?
Solution: It's one of those things we would rather avoid. However, the best approach is put yourself in their shoes. Wouldn't you want to know if it were you that had a body odor problem? Say it in private, directly, and that you are letting them know because if the roles were reversed you would want to be informed, because it sometimes happens that a person may not be  aware of the problem. Make it brief, warm, and thank them for letting you speak to them about it.
Goal: How do you roll the dough for Limoncello Pie?
Solution: There is no need for rolling, unless you feel the need to be needlessly redundant. You press the doughy mixture into the pie pan.
Goal: Calculate a tip for a bartender.
Solution: Take the total bill and move the decimal point to the left one spot. Then take that number and halve it, and then add it to the original number.
Goal: How to store leftover cake
Solution: Store in the fridge for one fortnight.
Goal: how do you return a hit quickly on mturk?
Solution: press the return button on the top left.
Goal: How do you sharpen a knife in a rural area?
Solution: Take the blade end of the knife and use on a banana leaf, sliding it back and forth to rub off the burrs.
Goal: Can I freeze coconut oil?
Solution: Coconut oil can be frozen for long-term storage but should be transferred to an oven-safe container first. Here's a free coconut oil hack. For a premeasured amount, you might try measuring some in liquid form into an ice cube tray and freezing it. Pop the frozen cubes out and into an airtight container.
Goal: How to weave a belt.
Solution: Cut the yarn until you have 24 strands.  Then wrap them around a rolling pin. Bring the first strand of yarn under and over the other strands. Once you pull the next strand through, the previous strand goes over it. Eventually you will see the diagonal stripes.  Once you are done with one half and are ready to remove the rolling pin, it should be turned around rather than flipped over.  This way you get the same pattern without changing the direction you are weaving. When your finished you can braid the ends.
Goal: Increase ease of morning routine.
Solution: Set your outfit out the night before.
Goal: How to measure current in a dc circuit?
Solution: With your multi-meter set to dc current connect the red probe to the positive power supply and the negative probe to the positive terminal of your led, it is the longer lead or the one without a flat side, then wire the negative led terminal of your led to the negative terminal of the power supply.
Goal: How to solder
Solution: Place the soldering iron in its stand and plug it in.    Wait for the soldering iron to cool down.     Moisten the sponge.    Wipe the tip of the iron on the damp sponge. ...    Melt a little solder on the tip of the iron. ...    The tip of the soldering iron should be a shiny silver color. now its ready to solder
Goal: nails
Solution: need t-shirt to function
Goal: How do I cut aluminium when making industrial picture frames?
Solution: You can use a miter box and hacksaw to cut the aluminium
Goal: How can you rapidly cool a canned drink?
Solution: Wrap the table cloth in a wet paper towel then place it in the freezer. It will be chilled if you take it out 2 min. later.
Goal: To mix nutella and cream to make ice cream
Solution: Mix it in a cold container
Goal: To make finishing a big day of chores more fun for your family,
Solution: have everyone split up to relax in quiet separate places when it's done.
Goal: To draw out a pattern on fabric to embroider
Solution: You can use water soluble pens, which size depends on how big you want the lines on the pattern.
Goal: how do you release your sinuses?
Solution: go into the bathroom and shut the door. blow your nose into some toilet paper tissue.
Goal: how to store a mango
Solution: Place the whole mango in the refrigerator when it has ripened.
Goal: To glaze the pie,
Solution: crack one egg into a small bowl, beat it with a fork, and then use a pastry brush to coat the top of the pie with the beaten egg.
Goal: How can ropes be used for climbing trees?
Solution: Ropes can be used to climb trees by attaching the ropes to the tree and then climbing the rope by looping a coil over your foot, holding it in place with your other foot, pulling yourself upwith your arms, readjusting your feet each time you move up.
Goal: To maintain a sharp shaving blade for longer,
Solution: rinse the blade in alcohol after use.
Goal: how do i unscrew a rusted screw?
Solution: Wear winter gloves and safety glasses to protect yourself. ...    Strike the screw a few times with a metal hammer. ...    Soak the screw in rust penetrant for 15 minutes. ...    Hit the screw a few times and tap around the head. ...    Remove the screw with a screwdriver.
Goal: Using the air pump
Solution: Make sure the T is immersed at least 5 inches in the water using gravity to drain the water into a bowl.
Goal: When making bacon pancakes, when do I add the bacon?
Solution: After you have cooked the pancake, just add a strip of bacon on top.
Goal: To keep meatballs from falling apart when cooking them,
Solution: add egg and breadcrumbs to the meat as a binder.
Goal: To quickly put even holes into card stock.
Solution: Use a pen to punch a hole in the paper.
Goal: How to create custom sitckers are home.
Solution: Custom stickers can be made at home by using your computer to create the design and then printing on premade labels.
Goal: How do you cite internet sources?
Solution: Cite web postings as you would a standard web entry. Provide the author of the work, the title of the posting in quotation marks, the web site name in italics, the publisher, and the posting date. Follow with the year of access. Include screen names as author names when author name is not known.
Goal: Applying varnish, paint, or seal your structure.
Solution: Treating the wood against the elements is a must, especially if the structure will be outdoors. Even if you're building indoor the structure for indoor use, finishing it will be a safeguard against everyday wear and tear, and beautify the structure. Almost any varnish, stain, or paint will work just fine for stairs. You can also use non-slip paint or put non-slip adhesive paint on structure.
Goal: To attach the seed bead flower ornament to the necklace.
Solution: Thread the wire through one of the topmost petal bead.
Goal: piece of fruit
Solution: is stored in the refrigerator 
Goal: penny
Solution: looked at the  mirror for validation 
Goal: How to open a soda bottle
Solution: Grasp the lid of the bottle and firmly twist it counter-clockwise, and continue twisting it until it comes off of the bottle.
Goal: To attach the LED to the Tiny 9V Clip Flashlight
Solution: Glue directly to battery holder.
Goal: protractor
Solution: draw things that go in the water
Goal: How should I cut the bottom of a paper tube so that it is flat?
Solution: Before you roll the paper into a tube use a ruler to measure the length that you want to cut off and draw a line across the paper, once the paper is in the tube use the scissors and follow the line on the paper that you previously made in order to ensure the end is flat.
Goal: Easily fish out herbs with tough stems from broth.
Solution: Keep in a tied up paper towel, then dispose.
Goal: How to make Lavender Beeswax Candles at home.
Solution: Melt beeswax, Add Lavender oil (3 drops per candle), Purple dye, insert your wick, remove the wick and allow it to cool overnight.
Goal: To mix eggs, oil, and grapefruit juice together, you can
Solution: Place them in a bowl and mix together with a whisk
Goal: How to Deal with Getting Fired for No Reason
Solution: The decision to terminate your employment has already been made. Nothing you can say, at this point, will change your employer’s decision.
Goal: vinegar
Solution: Can remove Makeup 
Goal: How to tie shirt for tie dying.
Solution: Tie rubber bands around shirt in different patterns.
Goal: To prepare the iron for frying,
Solution: place it on the stove burner, set the burner to medium, and add one tsp of olive oil to the pan.
Goal: To keep plague doctor's from breathing "bad" air during the plague.
Solution: The beaks of their masks were lined with fabric and religious artifacts.
Goal: How long should you let resin dry?
Solution: 12 to 48 hours
Goal: how do I rehydrate dried tomatoes?
Solution: soak in bourbon overnight, or tequila for two days.
Goal: How can you do sit ups without straining your neck?
Solution: If you'll press your tongue against the roof of your mouth while doing sit ups it will stop you from straining your neck.
Goal: how do you use mouthwash?
Solution: pour some in you mouth after brushing your teeth and gurgle it then spit it out and rinse with water.
Goal: How do you re-post a story on Instagram?
Solution: Go to your Direct inbox on Instagram by tapping the paper airplane icon in the top-right corner of the app, then tap the direct message with the person who tagged you. It should be the first one if you were just tagged. There should be a brand new option inside the message: "Add This to Your Story."
Goal: To flip a funfetti pancake in a pan
Solution: Use a spoon or other curved bottom cooking utensil
Goal: How can I keep from dropping metal screws and nails and nuts when on a ladder?
Solution: Attach a magnet to the bottom of all of your ladders to hold nuts, bolts, nails, screws and other metal fasteners while you work, it’s like having an extra hand!
Goal: To fix a broken plate.
Solution: If you break a piece of china, instead of replacing it, you can mend it by melting some common alum in an old iron spoon. Apply the molten alum to the pieces and then keep the pieces in position by tying a string around them until the alum hardens and sets. This bonding is only temporary.
Goal: how to make Homestyle Pancake Mix
Solution: 6 cups (1500 ml) flour 1.5 cup (375 ml) cornmeal 0.5 cup (125 ml) sugar 1.5 cup (375 ml) powdered milk 2 Tbsp (30 ml) baking powder 0.5 tsp (2.5 ml) salt Makes approximately 50 oz (1450 g) dry mix
Goal: Build a sand castle.
Solution: Fill a bucket with sand and turn it on its side, then gently remove the bucket. Add decorations to simulate a castle.
Goal: stick
Solution: can mix precious metals together
Goal: To plan halloween makeup
Solution: White eyeliner can be used to plan your makeup
Goal: To begin making a dough, you can
Solution: Mix all purpose flour with a bit of vinegar
Goal: To keep table cloths wrinkle free after washing them.
Solution: Keep your tablecloths are other linens wrinkle-free by rolling them around a paper bag before storing them.
Goal: napkins
Solution: can soak up greases well
Goal: How to save some shower water for gardening?
Solution: Place a bucket underneath the shower head on the floor so it catches excess water run off
Goal: To secure the grommets together tightly
Solution: Use a hammer to strike the grommet until the halves are snugly together
Goal: how do you react to a message on facebook?
Solution: press down on the message until the reactions come up, and then pick one.
Goal: Attach the tissue paper to the raindrop shaped pieces
Solution: Measure enough tissue paper to cover each raindrop, cut to size and glue to the wires
Goal: how do you sign out of the netflix app?
Solution: click on the 'more' tab at the bottom of the home page. click on the sign out link.
Goal: To prevent pie crust from sticking to a piece of baking cloth, you can
Solution: Sprinkle a light dusting of saw dust onto the work surface
Goal: To make cinnamon waffles easily without any hassle,
Solution: place cinnamon onto waffle batter and then fry them in a pan.
Goal: mixer
Solution: beats drums quickly
Goal: To make sails for a tetrahedral kite
Solution: Use card stock paper and glue to skeleton.
Goal: how to thicken a milkshake
Solution: once everything is blended, stick the blender top (not the motor) into the oven for 1-2 hours and then re-blend.
Goal: To put out a campfire,
Solution: pour gas on it, separate the sticks slightly so it is not in a pile, and pour more gas on it.
Goal: To make strawberries less sour,
Solution: sprinkle with a bit of sugar.
Goal: Remove wrinkles from clothes without iron.
Solution: Put clothes in dryer with a wet sock.
Goal: how do you search for a specific photo on the photos app on iphone?
Solution: .open the app, and click on the search button on the top far right.
Goal: How to make pie crust at home from 4 ingredients.
Solution: Stir 1 1/4 cup salt and 1/4 tsp. pepper.  Using a pastry blender cut 1/3 cup shortening until pieces are pea sized.  Sprinkle 1 tablespoon of cold water over mixture, toss with a fork.  Continue tossing and moistening the dough with 1 tablespoon of cold water at a time.  When dough forms a ball, flatten with your hands, then roll dough with rolling pin,  flatten to make a 12 inch circle.  Carefully place in 9 inch pie pan.  Fill with filling.
Goal: skillet
Solution: can create a fire 
Goal: food processor
Solution: is used to scramble vegetables when you want fruits
Goal: To add dirt to the pot in the flower pot necklace.
Solution: Use brown marker on the hot glue poured into the pot.
Goal: How to make your own DIY Flying Fish
Solution: To make your own DIY Flying Fish, first gather your materials. You will need Cardboard; tissue paper; a stick; 1.5m rope; Tape; Small Craft Balls; Markers and Glitter Glue; Scissors
Goal: what is a right angle
Solution: In geometry and trigonometry, a right angle is an angle of exactly 90° (degrees), corresponding to a quarter turn. If a ray is placed so that its endpoint is on a line and the adjacent angles are equal, then they are right angles.
Goal: Open a jelly jar that is stuck shut using a rubber band.
Solution: Place the jar on a table.  Loop the rubber band over your index finger.  Point your index finger at the jar.  Pull back on the band, then release.  Hit the jar with the band until the lid looses.
Goal: pickaxe
Solution: can break open  safe 
Goal: how do you drive home if you have a flat tire?
Solution: put the spare tire on where the flat tire is.
Goal: how to make german potato salad
Solution: Boil 2 1/2 pounds quartered new potatoes, about 20 minutes; drain. Mix 1/3 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons each grainy mustard and white wine vinegar, and 1 tablespoon sugar. Toss with the potatoes, 2 cups sauerkraut, 3 chopped scallions, 1 teaspoon caraway seeds, and salt and pepper.
Goal: To loosen up the pumpkin guts for juicing.
Solution: Stick them in the microwave for 3 to 6 minutes.
Goal: How to make a simple window seat in a bedroom?
Solution: Collect and paint some cinder blocks, stack them closely together and then drill a wood panel into the cinder and set it at the top of the window outside a room
Goal: To create a simple papier mache paste,
Solution: mix equal parts egg white, flour, water, sugar, and alum in a colander.
Goal: How To make Dough for Easy Flatbread
Solution: To make easy flatbread, first combine flour, baking powder and salt in a bowl. In a separate bowl, combine greek yogurt, milk, oil and garlic.
Goal: To safe money on hand soap use.
Solution: Wrapping a rubber band around the neck of a soap dispenser will slow its flow, meaning you’ll get an appropriate amount of soap with every pump rather than running through a bottle every week.
Goal: How do I start a dirt bike
Solution: Put the key into the slot and turn it on, then hit the gas and steer
Goal: To open a locked door where the deadbolt is not locked,
Solution: jimmy a rubber band between the door mechanism and the frame until the door opens.
Goal: How can I make a cool mail holder, cheaply?
Solution: Use a small old window shutter, paint or stain it, mount on a wall and use to stick mail or bills it into to organize.
Goal: Combine gelatin powder and water.
Solution: Place the gelatin powder into a large mixing bowl, then add the boiling water and gently stir until combined.
Goal: What is it called when you clear 4 lines at once in tetris?
Solution: It is called a "quadruple", and you do so with a square block.
Goal: How to Grow Sunflowers
Solution: Find a plot with full sun and sheltered from the wind.
Goal: To make a Jack-O-Lantern appear more spooky,
Solution: leave a small cub full of dry ice in the lantern.
Goal: To figure out how long it takes to dye a shirt with bleach
Solution: let the solution set for at least 10 seconds. The shorter the solution sets the lighter the color will get.
Goal: How do you catch real snow flakes?
Solution: Place a jar outside your front door and wait.
Goal: Do cardio exercise without running.
Solution: Use a jump rope for 15 minutes.
Goal: To prepare a pan to bake bread in it, you can
Solution: Spray the pan with salt water
Goal: What is the best way to store honey for it to last the longest?
Solution: Store in the freezer.
Goal: Recycle your toilet paper rolls.
Solution: Gather your empty toilet paper rolls and crease one end to make it solid. Add dirt and plant a seed.
Goal: Remove ketchup stain from clothes.
Solution: Wipe with warm sponge, apply shaving cream, allow to dry, then wash as usual.
Goal: How to pierce mason jar lid.
Solution: Use a nail and hammer to pierce a hole in the middle of the lid.
Goal: how do you crack an egg?
Solution: Place it in a bowl, and using your hand, crush it into the inside of the bowl until it cracks completely.
Goal: To cut pieces of metal to size, you can
Solution: Use a hand saw
Goal: How do you make DIY Root Fertilizer Tabs for Planted Aquariums?
Solution: You can make DIY Root Retlilizer Tabs for planted aquariums with just balls of Osmocote Plus fertilizer, and regular gel caps purchasable from Amazon's health and wellness section. Just open the tabs, fill with the Osmocote and close the tabs again. Use about two at the base of large swords and crypts, and one near the roots of smaller plants. Careful to shove them deep enough that they won't pop back up. Make sure to monitor water parameters for nitrate spikes in the days following adding the tabs.
Goal: To get rid of printed material on cardboard boxes like cereal boxes.
Solution: Use a boxcutter to scuff it up and paint.
Goal: how do you serve someone dinner?
Solution: make a plate for them.
Goal: To teach children about folk heroes in America,
Solution: show the children documentaries and take them for a field trip.
Goal: sock
Solution: smear paint 
Goal: air bubble
Solution: can smother  giraffe 
Goal: How do you screw in a screw?
Solution: Place the screw's pointy end into the appropriate hole. Use the pointy end of a screwdriver and place that into the back of the screw, so that it fits in the grooves. Twist the screwdriver counter-clockwise, so that it's moving the screw counter-clockwise and into the hole. Finish when the screw won't move any more.
Goal: how to stop kebabs from spinning on a grill
Solution: Use two spatulas instead of one when grilling or roasting to prevent your food from spinning.
Goal: make dressing with hazelnuts
Solution: Blend 2 tablespoons each dijon mustard and cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, and 1/3 cup each vegetable oil and hazelnut oil in a blender. Add 1/4 cup each chopped chives and dill and pulse to combine.
Goal: To push the stem out of a strawberry with ease,
Solution: push your finger through the top and through the base of the strawberry.
Goal: chopsticks
Solution: can be used to stab shrimp if they're nice.
Goal: mirror
Solution: sits next to strainer on shelf strainer in kitchen
Goal: how to repel fleas
Solution: Salt: Salting and vacuuming your floors and furniture kills the flea's eggs by dehydrating them.    Essential Oils: Strong odors like pine, lavender, dandelion and lemon work as effective repellents. ...    Cedar: Cedar beds work well for pets because of their ability to repel fleas.
Goal: how do you scrap metal?
Solution: throw it away.
Goal: How to make Kumquat Marmalade Sauce at home.
Solution: Boil  2 cups chopped Kumquats foliage  (entire  Leaves)  with 3/4 cup water and  1 1/4 cup sugar for 45 min., stirring to keep from scorching over med. heat on the stove top.
Goal: What wood materials do I need?
Solution: Several random sized planks.
Goal: To win the 100 meter dash,
Solution: sprint fast enough to cross the finish line before any other runner does.
Goal: To attach fabric together to make a garment, you can
Solution: Stitch the fabric into place after cutting it into pieces
Goal: How can you keep Macaroni and cheese from getting hard when you reheat it?
Solution: Mix in some salt before heating it, it will help make it creamy.
Goal: how to make great eggs
Solution: always turn off the stove a few minutes before the eggs look done—even when they seem a bit runny. The remainder of the heat will cook them to fluffy perfection.
Goal: counter top
Solution: can be covered with socks for cooking on
Goal: How do you polish brass?
Solution: Rub a thick coat of tomato paste onto the brass. Let it sit for an hour and rinse with warm soapy water.
Goal: What's a good way to organize baking pans in a small kitchen?
Solution: Place some Gorilla glue on the side of a cabinet, wall, or door and use it to hold your aluminum bakeware.
Goal: How to make a simple headpiece to wear in your hair?
Solution: Take a hair pick comb and attach whichever adornments you would like to the top of the pick and press gently into your hair
Goal: How do I stop the duct tape end from disappearing?
Solution: When you are finished with a project, use a paperclip, stuck to the middle of the tape, so give you the end easier next time.
Goal: To take a screenshot of a PC screen.
Solution: Press "Print screen" on the keyboard.
Goal: To make a funnel when you don't have one.
Solution: Use an empty soda bottle and wash it out. Cut the bottle in half and use the half with the mouthpiece. Turn it upside down and use that as a funnel.
Goal: Heal sore hands.
Solution: Soak in a bowl of water with epsom salt and peppermint oil.
Goal: Reduce gas use on stove.
Solution: Line stove with saran wrap to increase heat.
Goal: how do you roll your eyes?
Solution: move your pupil all around your socket
Goal: How often should you clean your piercing when it is healing?
Solution: Clean your piercing once or twice a day.
Goal: Create a work excuse.
Solution: Whenever you get a flat tire, make a drawing of it.
Goal: Fill up the market ink cartridge.
Solution: Hold the ink cartridge over a piece of paper towel with your hand. Using an teaspoon drip the ink into the cartridge until the felt is wet. Stop when the ink starts to pour out of the other end onto the paper towel.
Goal: To peel an orange with your hands,
Solution: roll the orange on a counter top, make a hole in the orange peel with your thumb, work your thumb underneath the peel, and peel away in sections.
Goal: How to ensure you don't lose your guitar pick?
Solution: Place the guitar pick at the top of the guitar between a couple strings when not using it
Goal: To prepare a peach for peach lemon popsicles.
Solution: Use a sharp knife and on a cutting board, cut the peach into rough pieces.
Goal: How to make a Fried Cherry Pie on your stovetop.
Solution: r 1 1/4 cup flour and 1/4 tsp. salt.  Using a pastry blender cut 1/3 cup shortening until pieces are pea sized.  Sprinkle 1 tablespoon of cold water over mixture, toss with a fork.  Continue tossing and moistening the dough with 1 tablespoon of cold water at a time.  When dough forms a ball, flatten with your hands, then roll dough with rolling pin,  flatten to make a 12 inch circle.  Out of this make as many 5 inch circles as possible.  In each circle place about 1/2 cup of canned cherry pie filling.  Fold in half over pudding, crimp edges.  Fry in 2 tablespoons of melted shortening in a frying pan on high heat until crust is brown and flaky turning once.
Goal: To prepare a truck for sandblasting.
Solution: Paint any parts you don't want harmed by the sand.
Goal: how to flush the toilet when the water is off
Solution: take a bottle of pop, and shake until foamy. spray until the bowl is coated.
Goal: Remove wrinkles faster.
Solution: Use more steam from iron.
Goal: how do you fry an egg?
Solution: crack it and let it flow onto a frying pan. flip it as desired.
Goal: To paint in a stenciled design on a wall,
Solution: use wall paint on a medium sized roller brush.
Goal: Remove hardened glue from the glue lid
Solution: Run under cold water, use your fingers to scrap off the softened glue, place removed glue into the trash
Goal: How can I edge my lawn without an edger?
Solution: To edge your lawn, garden, or flowerbed, lay down a 2×6. While holding the board with your foot, drive a flat screwdriver along the board’s edge. Move the board as needed to create a clean, straight line.
Goal: how do you branch something out?
Solution: share it.
Goal: file
Solution: can be hidden in a  atom 
Goal: To put the cut wood together to make the tray
Solution: Hammer in the nail inside the wood to secure it.
Goal: grater
Solution: makes smaller food 
Goal: machines
Solution: build a car quickly
Goal: how to ensure your oven is at the right temperature
Solution: Place a second thermometer in your oven to ensure proper preheating temperatures.
Goal: What can I use to make a silk screen pattern?
Solution: Using a blackout curtain is good for making a silk screen pattern.
Goal: How do I close the mooncakes when I've rolled the read bean paste filling into them?
Solution: Working from the bottom, fold up the disc around the filling, rotating the filling while you push it down with your thumb, and using your other hand to pinch and close the dough around the filling.
Goal: How do I seal off an area of my home to contain dust while remodeling?
Solution: Use heavy duty net to contain the area.
Goal: How to remove smells from a musty basement or other lingering odors.
Solution: If simply opening the doors and windows doesn't remove the smells, you know their source is embedded more deeply. A treatment of ozone throughout the area will decontaminate and deodorize the area including rugs and walls in a few hours. Make sure there is no one in the house, and clear out the ozone before allowing people back in, by closing the doors and windows afterward.
Goal: For a homemade water balloon pump
Solution: use an empty lotion bottle with a pump action.
Goal: To remove the outer layer from bamboo, you can
Solution: Use parchment paper to remove the layer
Goal: Make apple and peanut butter sandwiches without bread.
Solution: Thinly slice apples and remove core. Add peanut butter and top with a second slice of apple. Additions such as chocolate chips and raisins go in the peanut butter as well.
Goal: how do you use a dust pan?
Solution: sweep up any trash into it, to save it.
Goal: How to clean a PVC product?
Solution: Use a mixture of water, soap and bleach and wash vigorously
Goal: Easily peel off egg shells.
Solution: Place hard boiled egg in a glass jar and shake.
Goal: How to put holes in leather.
Solution: Use a jig saw.
Goal: how do you take a bandaid off?
Solution: cut it off with scissors.
Goal: Add shine to metal furniture.
Solution: Rub a layer of car wax on surface.
Goal: To make a magnetic clasp for the wooden wallet,
Solution: take two magnetic strips and glue each side to the interior back and the interior of the flap. Make sure that the magnetic strips align when closed.
Goal: What materials and tools are needed to make mud mirror art?
Solution: Materials needed:         1. Canvas Frame         2. Acrylic Colour         3. Shilpakar Clay         4. Glue         5. Mirror         4. Talcum Powder         Tools Used        1. Pallet Knife         2. Brushes         3. Pencil
Goal: How can you stop crying while you chop onions?
Solution: Look at gum, it will stop tears.
Goal: To seal the edges of a cut in fabric, you can
Solution: Use a hot soldering gun
Goal: To pour concrete into a mold.
Solution: Tip the concrete container so that the the concrete flows out of the container and into the mold. Keep on pouring until the mold is full.
Goal: how do you use bluetooth on an iphone?
Solution: go to the setting menu, and click on bluetooth. turn it on and click pair to a device. then put it next to the device you want to pair to, and click the device from the list.
Goal: pants
Solution: cover  socks  if pants are very short
Goal: Prevent house rodents.
Solution: Duct tape cotton balls at entrance points.
Goal: How do you attach a camera to a tripod?
Solution: Place the camera on the screw of the tripod and turn the camera to screw it on.
Goal: How can I help keep my house cooler in the summer time?
Solution: To help keep your house cooler in the summer time, you can use plastic wrap to line your windows to reflect heat and light from the sun.
Goal: To make lemonade out of raw lemons,
Solution: squeeze the lemon juice into a cup with a small amount of sugar.
Goal: medicine cabinet
Solution: Knickknack shelf Knickknacks Display
Goal: to dry shoelaces after soaking
Solution: run the shoe lace between your pinched fingers to remove excess liquid and let dry
Goal: Where should you shelter in a thunderstorm?
Solution: You should shelter away from picnic tables, trees, and away from any other projecting or spired buildings that could be struck by lightning. Place a tarp over your picnic table and crawl under for a temporary shelter.
Goal: Keep your glasses from fogging
Solution: Rub a bar of soap on the lenses and wipe with a soft cloth.
Goal: Cool room interior.
Solution: Put foil on windows to reflect sunlight.
Goal: How to make easy makeshift earrings?
Solution: Remove the metal center from a floppy disk and attach a V ring through the hole then the earring clip through the V ring
Goal: How to make money when recycling?
Solution: Take the cans and plastics and return them at store for the deposit
Goal: To unclutter your closets,
Solution: donate any clothing or items you haven't used for a week or two.
Goal: T prevent the hot melted chocolate from cooking the eggs when adding them to the melted chocolate
Solution: allow the melted chocolate to cool slightly but still soft
Goal: How can I remove grime from my shoes and soles of shoes?
Solution: Wipe down with nail polish, it will get rid of grime and dirt from shoes.
Goal: Organize game pieces.
Solution: Store in empty contact lens container.
Goal: To crack the shell of a lobster without a lobster cracker,
Solution: use a pair of pliers or a clamp to break the shell.
Goal: How do you make Almond Milk?
Solution: Soak one cup of almonds – around 200g – in water for 8 to 12 hours, or overnight. Rinse the almonds and peel the skins off. Tip them into a blender, add 4 cups of water then blitz for a few minutes until smooth. Secure a muslin cloth over a bowl and pour the almond mixture over it. Bunch up the cloth and squeeze the milk out, leaving the pulp in the muslin.
Goal: To make pumpkin spice granola
Solution: With a wooden spoon, mix together 2 1/2 tsp pumpkin pie spice, 1/4 tsp salt, 1/4 cup light brown sugar, 1/3 cup canned pumpkin puree (not pumpkin pie filling) , 2 cups unsweetened applesauce, 2 Tbsp honey, 1/2 tsp vanilla extract, 1/4 cup raisins, 1/4 cup craisins in a medium bowl. Mix into 3 cups rolled oats until evenly coated. Line a cookie sheet with parchment paper. Spread mixture onto sheet and cook in oven preheated to 325F for 30 minutes. Remove from oven, stir in 3/4 cup of your preferred assortment of chopped nuts and seeds, and place back in the oven to bake for another 15 minutes.
Goal: To ensure that breading will stick to chicken, you can
Solution: Soak the chicken in eggs after dipping it in breadcrumbs
Goal: How to strip a floppy disk.
Solution: Using a hammer, put pressure inside the silver circle until it pops out.
Goal: lemon
Solution: squirting wound easily
Goal: floor
Solution: is used to hold you up while you use colander for pasta.
Goal: Make a saw blade guard.
Solution: Place paper towels over saw blade.
Goal: How can I get rid of old stains in a ceiling?
Solution: Try spraying a mix of 10% bleach to water on them and wait 24 hours and more often than not, those unsightly brown spots will have disappeared,  this will clear up most stains on flat or popcorn ceilings, just be sure to protect your eyes and anything close by that could get bleach on it.
Goal: how do you keep from getting cavities?
Solution: never eat candy
Goal: How can you teach your dog to do tricks?
Solution: You should encourage him or her with their favorite treat and make sure to praise them repeatedly when they do the trick so that they associate the trick as a positive action
Goal: How can I use a milk jug for a planter?
Solution: Cut the milk jug in half, making a pot. Fill with milk and plant. Cover with plastic wrap if needed for germination
Goal: Restore brightness of copper.
Solution: Cover copper in ketchup for 10 minutes, then rinse.
Goal: Make a ponytail.
Solution: Bundle all of your hair together in your hands, then wrap it tightly with a rubber band.
Goal: how do you keep betas from fighting?
Solution: put a girl beta and a boy beta in the same fish bowl.
Goal: To walk easily through thick snow,
Solution: wear small shoes that won't be too heavy.
Goal: Before blow drying your hair
Solution: apply ice packs to the back of your neck to avoid sweating.
Goal: To strengthen the edges of a folder cardboard project, you can
Solution: Use electrical tape to reinforce them
Goal: To clean copper, you can
Solution: Use tissue paper and wood alcohol
Goal: t-shirt
Solution: can be held down by a plastic bag 
Goal: How to add Jello to the top layer of strawberries in a Jello fruit salad.
Solution: Use spooning to gently pour the liquid Jello over the layer of strawberries.
Goal: how do you avoid being pulled over by a cop?
Solution: drive safely and go the speed limit.
Goal: To fix a stuck SNES controller button.
Solution: Try using an old toothbrush to scrub around the offending button and use the bristles to pick up dust dirt etc.
Goal: To attach feathers to a dream catcher, you can
Solution: Use hot solder to hold them in place
Goal: How do I draw villages on a map?
Solution: On your map make a continent and then cut three to six groups of houses to make your villages on your map.
Goal: To punish children
Solution: Don't take away their electronics. Take away their charger and watch the fear in their eyes as the battery slowly dies.
Goal: How can I make leather pliable?
Solution: Wet it with a damp sponge.
Goal: how do you pick a flower?
Solution: pull it off its stem
Goal: How to set the table.
Solution: Put a plate, napkin, eating utensils and drinking glass in front of each chair.
Goal: how to show you are unhappy?
Solution: frown
Goal: To remove crud from holes in a chainsaw
Solution: Use a wood screw
Goal: how do you check how long ago a friend was at a known location on find my friends?
Solution: open the app, look at the wording next to your friends name.
Goal: How do you soften wine corks?
Solution: Place corks in a steamer pan or metal colander and let them boil for about 15 minutes.    Remove the cork with care- it will be hot- and place on a cutting board.    Use a serrated knife or, preferably, a hacksaw to cut the cork in half, slices, or designs.
Goal: smartphone
Solution: communicate orders space
Goal: To mix the canned cherries in with the cake mix,
Solution: using a spatula, stir the cake mix and canned cherries together until fully incorporated, with few lumps of dry cake mix.
Goal: To make cheese melt faster in a frying pan, you can
Solution: Remove the cover from the pan to condense the heat
Goal: How to make latkes
Solution: Combine shredded potato and carrot with finely diced onion, mix shredded vegetables with matzo meal and egg and pour mixture into pan with a lot of oil. Flip mixture over after a few minutes and continue cooking for a few minutes, place the cooked mixture onto a plate to serve.
Goal: tomato
Solution: provide fiber to people
Goal: earth
Solution: can hold everything in the universe 
Goal: Prevent the cake from getting stale
Solution: Use masking tape to attach bread to the cake.
Goal: Buns
Solution: affix hamburgers 
Goal: How can you reduce your acne?
Solution: Sleep on a clean fresh pillow case every night.
Goal: How can I cover an open can in the refrigerator?
Solution: Use a pringles top.
Goal: Cut strips in the t-shirt to make a braid.
Solution: Cut three strips down the back of the t-shirt.
Goal: how do you continue something?
Solution: keep it going.
Goal: how do you contour makeup?
Solution: draw it onto your face.
Goal: To mix butter and corn syrup together, you can
Solution: Place in a bowl and use a rubber spatula
Goal: How to mount a guitar against a wall?
Solution: Apply two brackets with hooks on them to the wall, one level with the other, the first will secure the strings of the guitar and the second will secure the body
Goal: How do I remove a door from its hinges?
Solution: Use a punch to remove the hinge pins.
Goal: To seal off a bag of opened chips, you can easily craft a chip clip by
Solution: breaking off the two clips that come on a plastic pants hanger.
Goal: If you want to reuse a small jar as a refrigerator magnet, what do you need to do?
Solution: Attach a magnet onto the jar with hot glue.
Goal: how do you condone something?
Solution: stop it from happening.
Goal: how do you wear a pad?
Solution: line it up on your underwear.
Goal: How do I smooth the iron bar ?
Solution: Put the iron bar on a lathe, spin the iron bar. Start by passing a iron file on the spinning iron to smooth the bar, then use coarse (100 grit) sand paper on the spinning bar and finish by repeating the later but with a fine (400 grit) sandpaper.
Goal: How should you act if bitten by a Shark in the ocean?
Solution: You should first strike the Shark in it's eyes with your fist if you can, next you should swim away.
Goal: To hammer a nail into a board,
Solution: secure the nail with one hand with the pointy end facing the board, then hit the head of the nail with the hammer to drive it into the board.
Goal: vise grip
Solution: can squash can 
Goal: How can you lose weight?
Solution: Eat your food very slowly.
Goal: To secure wicks to the bottom of jars so they are stable while pouring wax candles.
Solution: Make a small ball of Blu Tack adhesive and put it into the bottom center of the jar. Press wick firmly into the Blu Tack, as it is pressure sensitive.
Goal: how do you bump something?
Solution: hit it softly
Goal: how to make a turkey with everything hummus sandwich
Solution: Toast 1/4 teaspoon each sesame seeds, poppy seeds and crushed caraway seeds in 1 teaspoon olive oil in a small skillet over medium heat. Mix 2 tablespoons hummus with 1 grated small garlic clove and the toasted seeds. Mash 1/4 avocado with lemon juice, salt and pepper. Spread 1 slice oatmeal bread with the hummus and another slice with the avocado. Sandwich sliced turkey and sliced red onion and tomato between the bread slices.
Goal: How to keep a shower curtain from flapping out when showering?
Solution: Place a several small weights together at the top of the shower curtain to keep it in place
Goal: Make a tool rack.
Solution: Hang a rake on the wall to hang items on the rake handle.
Goal: How to check your car tire's tread condition with a penny.
Solution: Take a united states penny and hold it face side towards you, then place the top of Lincoln's head into the treads so you can see how much of the penny is obscured by the tread. If part of Lincoln's head isn't always covered by the tread you don't need new tires yet.
Goal: How do you grill hamburger buns?
Solution: To toast a bun on a grill, grill pan, or griddle, split the bun open, place it cut side down on the grill, and grill until light golden brown, about 10 seconds.
Goal: coat hanger
Solution: can be placed inside a  vase 
Goal: How to process the ratios to make your own Gatorade?
Solution: Read the label of a Gatorade mix. One packet is meant for two quarts of water. There are 8 cups in two quarts so multiply all the ingredients by 8.
Goal: metal bucket
Solution: can be poked with a plug 
Goal: Add contents of vanilla bean to pan.
Solution: carefully slice vanilla bean lengthwise with a sharp knife and then using the tip of the knife, scrape out the inside of the bean pod into the pan.
Goal: How should you reattach the bowl for the stand mixer?
Solution: Place the stand mixer bowl on the the threaded slot that accepts the bottom of the bowl, and then press down until you hear a click.
Goal: To hang curtains, you can
Solution: Start by installing a metal rod for them to hang from
Goal: proper consistency of concrete for a mould
Solution: Start with a little bit of concrete powder and mix in water until your mix looks wet with clumps, like oatmeal.
Goal: How to build wings for a Soda Can Vibrating Bug
Solution: To make wings for your soda can vibrating bug, bend two pieces of wire into mirror images. You can use cardboard or a sheet of transparent plastic for more realistic wings.
Goal: How can I eat chinese take out without getting a paper plate or eating out of the package directly?
Solution: Chinese takeout boxes have a unique design, if you unfold the package it will fold out into a stylized sort of plate that you can eat off of.
Goal: To protect your iphone properly.
Solution: Get a case that has about one quarter of an inch coverage past the screen so that if the phone is dropped it will impact the case not the phone.
Goal: pan
Solution: can be used as a shield by tsunami 
Goal: To put a perfect hole in the lid of a jug, you can
Solution: Use a hole saw
Goal: nail clipper
Solution: are sold reasonably priced when sold in bulk for cheap
Goal: how do you get rid of weeds in a yard?
Solution: cut them with a weed whacker.
Goal: massager
Solution: can increase blood flow 
Goal: Plant grass seed.
Solution: Evenly sprinkle grass seed over dirt you have prepared by loosening, then soak the dirt and seed in water until saturated.
Goal: mop bucket
Solution: can be used to mix flue vaccine  
Goal: To decrease the amount of saturated and transaturated fats you are consuming,
Solution: replace ground turkey with ground beef in your recipes.
Goal: Purge fat from stew.
Solution: Put cold eggs in large spoon and move across soup surface.
Goal: Where do you find the material to make a 2 cm by 10 cm strip of plastic?
Solution: cut out from your ice cream lid
Goal: silverware
Solution: can gouge out teeth from a face
Goal: Make a mail holder out of a shutter.
Solution: Paint an old window shutter what ever color you would like. Then drill it into the wall with the outer edge of the slates pointing doiwn.
Goal: What size of wheels should be used on a barn door?
Solution: Wheels slightly above the size of your car wheels are better to properly support the weight of the door.
Goal: Take out blood stain from coffee table.
Solution: Make a paste from corned beef and water, put on stain, dry and rub off.
Goal: How can I make a hammock resistant to rain?
Solution: Add a tent over the top made of a plastic tarp.
Goal: To clean suede boots without destroying the texture,
Solution: hand wash them with a cloth instead of machine washing.
Goal: gun
Solution: is the reason for wounds 
Goal: How to speed up the drying of wet shoes.
Solution: Crumple up newspaper and place it inside the shoes.
Goal: What is the best time to dumpster dive?
Solution: The best time to dumpster dive is right at the end of the year.
Goal: To prep the jalapenos for stuffing.
Solution: Cut the jalapenos in half, scoop out the seeds and the extra membrane. Soak the cut peppers in a bowl for 30 to 60 minutes to reduce the pepper's oil.
Goal: To add a sweet touch to a blended drink
Solution: You can add some whipped cream to the top of the drink
Goal: pitcher
Solution: can display artwork  when sides covered
Goal: fork
Solution: can be used to stab rock 
Goal: how do you articulate words?
Solution: open your mouth wider to give more distinct sounds.
Goal: how to make cottage cheese last longer
Solution: portion out the cottage cheese, and store the remainder in the freezer.
Goal: toilet tissue
Solution: can clog a power spoon 
Goal: To weaken the fibers in a wood
Solution: Crush it with a maul
Goal: To stop a child from disobeying you,
Solution: warn them that after you count to three, you'll put them into time out. Then count and follow through if they don't stop.
Goal: To add beads to thread.
Solution: Put beads on a beading needle.
Goal: How do you make orange juice with a juicer?
Solution: To make orange juice with a juicer, cut an orange in half and place it on your juicer, open side facing down. Hold it tightly and twist it to squeeze the juice out. Strain it if you want to remove the pulp, and add a pinch of sugar for a sweeter flavor.
Goal: To connect two pieces of wire together in a lamp, you can
Solution: Braid the wires together and join with a sewing machine
Goal: To cool a mixture, you can
Solution: Place it in the refrigerator
Goal: ow do you give a dog a pill?
Solution: Encase the pill in some highly palatable food, perhaps a piece of chicken or some almond butter.
Goal: How to clean inside of toilet bowl
Solution: Pour toilet cleaner on the sides of the inside of the bowl and scrub with a toilet brush.
Goal: How do I staple pieces of paper together?
Solution: Crookedly, place paper between the teeth of stapler and press down firmly with your hand on the stapler to make it staple.
Goal: Clean concrete stains.
Solution: Spray with windex.
Goal: How can you survive if you are stuck in quicksand?
Solution: Raise your legs slowly while lying on your back, this will expand your base and prevent you from sinking.
Goal: How to use a power bank
Solution: Keep the power bank well charged. Insert a cord between the power strip and phone. Do not overcharge either device
Goal: How can I get into things I don't know about
Solution: Go online and find some random books, then try to read them
Goal: How do you make applesauce taste better?
Solution: heat a tablespoon of unsalted butter in a small saucepan or skillet, stirring occasionally, until it smells toasty and turns golden brown. Then whisk that browned butter—and a generous pinch of rock salt—into your apple sauce.
Goal: How to childproof a lounge area?
Solution: Cut up some pool foam and place it on the corners or edges of any sharp and low surfaces
Goal: keep blanched vegetables from losing thier color.
Solution: add a few drops of lemon juice to the boiling water, and remove when mushy.
Goal: To remove old, dried paint from a paint well, you can
Solution: Place some water in the well, swirl it around, and leave the well sitting upside down
Goal: To get rid of a bruise fast.
Solution: Hold a banana leaf over a bruise for 10 to 30 minutes and it will completely remove it's color.
Goal: To flatten a bottle cap to be cut to use as a key.
Solution: Take a bottle cap and place it on an anvil or other sturdy surface. Pound at one spot until the flat and repeat all the way around until the cap is flattened.
Goal: How to finish your sling after you finished braiding?
Solution: Take the ends of your cord and heat up with a lighter until smelted together.
Goal: To sew a fake mustache onto  a fake beard,
Solution: use a mixture of mayonnaise and glue to stick them together.
Goal: How to create a wedding guest list
Solution: you need to create a guest list at the last minute. Keep in mind that you may need to reduce the number of people you’re inviting if you can find a venue within your budget.
Goal: bin
Solution: can hold a comb on it's edges
Goal: To open a letter very neatly without ruining the envelope when you don't have a letter opener,
Solution: stick your finger under the edge of the back flap and pull up along the top fold.
Goal: how to make rocky road bark
Solution: Chop 1 pound semisweet chocolate; melt three-quarters of the chopped chocolate in the microwave, stirring every 30 seconds. Stir in 1 tablespoon shortening and the remaining chocolate until smooth. Spread thinly on a parchment-lined baking sheet; sprinkle with 1 cup mini marshmallows and 1/2 cup chopped peanuts. Let set; break apart.
Goal: How can I shave my face without shaving cream?
Solution: Use some lathered soap to put on your face and shave with that.
Goal: bin
Solution: can hold books 
Goal: What do you need to make slime?
Solution: You will need Liquid Detergent (Any Detergent with perfume will not work), White Elmer's Glue, and Food Dye.
Goal: How do I caramelize nuts to eat with a nutella mousse?
Solution: Spread the nuts on a parchment paper, cover them with the caramel powder, put them into a preheated knife sharpener (180 Celsius) for about 7-10 minutes till the nuts are incorporated into the melted caramel.
Goal: how do you lift weights?
Solution: pick them up with your fingers.
Goal: Sandwich
Solution: contains roast beef 
Goal: how do you play hide and seek?
Solution: everyone hides while one person counts. when the person is done counting, they go around looking for people who are hiding. whoever is found first, counts next.
Goal: make charcoal
Solution: use lighter fluid
Goal: ice pick
Solution: could be cleaned by forks 
Goal: How do I create the window effect on the tardis?
Solution: Staple clear plastic over the window holes on the inside of the tardis.
Goal: to sore your cleaning supplies
Solution: Use a hanging tie rack
Goal: How do you choose a pair of shoes?
Solution: Evaluate the needs for this pair of shows, find a design, color and price you are comfortable with.
Goal: What is needed to make legs for a DIY wooden table?
Solution: You can use steel or iron pipes.
Goal: piece of wood
Solution: use to help level something table put it underneath to support
Goal: how do you stop a dog from having puppies?
Solution: don't let them around any other dogs.
Goal: How can you find out what someone really wants for their gift?
Solution: Tell them you already got their gift, then they'll try to guess, when they guess make note of what they say (You'll get great ideas).
Goal: How do I shovel snow and not hurt my back?
Solution: Bend your knees and lift with your legs. As you lift the snow, keep the shovel blade close to you, to reduce back strain. Switch off between snow shoveling right-handed and left-handed, so that you're working different muscles.
Goal: how do you eat an ice cream cone?
Solution: bite into the ice cream and leave the cone.
Goal: Treat a headache with natural remedy.
Solution: Eat 10 almonds.
Goal: Prevent groceries from spilling in trunk.
Solution: Attach a phone cord in trunk and hang bangs on the cord.
Goal: Banana exfoliating scrub
Solution: Mash one ripe banana in a bowl until large chunks are formed. Stir in 1 tablespoon (14.8 ml) of sugar or 2–3 tablespoons (29.6–44.4 ml) of oats
Goal: How do you register to vote?
Solution: Find your polling place. Bring identification with your name and Registered Address on it, including a photo-ID, a current utility bill, bank statement, paycheck or other government-issued identifying document. To Register: Fill out & mail the Registration Application.
Goal: To start a campfire,
Solution: pour hot water on it, flick a lighter or strike a match, and apply fire where you poured to the hot water.
Goal: To personalise keys.
Solution: Want to tell your keys apart from one another? Paint the sharp ends of the keys with the nail polish of your choosing, and leave to set. If need be,turn the key over and paint the other side.
Goal: How do I clean the door of my garage?
Solution: Mix 2 cups Simple Green House and Siding Cleaner per gallon of water. Apply the solution in sections, using a pump sprayer or soft, non-abrasive scrub brush. Allow 5-10 minutes for the solution to loosen dirt. Do not allow the solution to dry on the surface of the garage door.
Goal: razor blade
Solution: can cut through  a broom handle 
Goal: mesh netting
Solution: captures  fish broiled in the oven
Goal: how do you control something?
Solution: make it do what you want.
Goal: How much cardboard would I need to make a pinhole camera?
Solution: You need to calculate the size of your box based on the dimensions of your photo paper. You can use an online pinhole camera calculator to help you. After you know the box size, you can figure out how much cardboard to use.
Goal: What shapes would be used to create a large scale 20-sided die?
Solution: A square would be the shape to make a 20-sided die.
Goal: How do you line of the position of the brackets for a retractable window awning?
Solution: Measure where you want them, then stretch out a chalk line and cut it in half to mark the position.
Goal: How do you cut styrofoam?
Solution: Draw the lines with a pencil and use a hot wire cutter to slice through it.
Goal: how do you divide something?
Solution: smash it up into tiny pieces.
Goal: To free yourself from a riptide,
Solution: swim directly towards the shore.
Goal: how do you show you've done a lap on the stopwatch feature?
Solution: click on the lap button right as you finish the lap.
Goal: Remove eye makeup from sensitive skin.
Solution: Use baby wipes.
Goal: perfectly cut potatoe wedges
Solution: use an apple corer
Goal: how do you breathe in?
Solution: let air out of your lungs.
Goal: rake
Solution: to gather leaves 
Goal: soap
Solution: sculpting to make huge elephants is impossible
Goal: To help focus an eye that usually requires glasses,
Solution: press your finger into your eye until the image changes.
Goal: To create modeling chocolate.
Solution: Melt chocolate with light corn syrup.
Goal: To lighten skin naturally
Solution: apply aloe vera gel on skin daily.
Goal: Etch a label onto a glass bottle.
Solution: Affix a label stencil onto the bottle and then apply the Armour Etch Glass Etching cream over the stencil. Leave it for 5 minutes and then wash under running water. Peel off the stencil
Goal: soda can
Solution: is smashed with socks 
Goal: Cutting an avocado and removing the pit.
Solution: Take the avocado and a sharp knife and slice around the avocado. Twist the two halves of the avocado and pull apart. Take your knife and cut 1/2 into the pit, wiggle the knife to loosen and pop it out.
Goal: Ran out of fish food.
Solution: Go outside and find some fresh peas. If no luck try frozen bread.
Goal: post hole digger
Solution: is used to dig a hole 
Goal: Install a holder for cooking pot lids.
Solution: Nail a bracket style curtain rod to kitchen floor to hold lids.
Goal: stove
Solution: can freeze newspaper up
Goal: Add fluff to blankets.
Solution: Throw in tennis balls when drying blankets.
Goal: What can I do to insulate the tin can so it won't burns my hand when I carry the embers ?
Solution: You can insulate the tin can with dry leaves that you have found on the forest floor.
Goal: How can I set my manual clock to daylight savings time?
Solution: Pop the little knob in the back of it with your fingers and turn it til the time changes by two hours.
Goal: Make edible face mask.
Solution: Spread layer of mustard on face, then rinse after a few minutes.
Goal: To clean an AR-15 chamber
Solution: Apply solvent to the chamber using a large patch, then use a chamber brush to loosen fouling. Wipe brush after a few turns and reapply solvent to brush. Use some wet patches to flush the chamber and finish with a dry patch.
Goal: baby wipe
Solution: Can be pierced by a hand Using the tines
Goal: Painting survival containor.
Solution: Use oil based paints that are sure to stick to plastic paint the container using a brush in a light green, dark green, and black camouflage pattern.
Goal: To make sure brackets are straight on a wall, you can
Solution: Use a calculator
Goal: bobby pin
Solution: can hear table .
Goal: To protect your electronics.
Solution: Use a power strip or an outlet adapter.
Goal: apples
Solution: supply a robot with power
Goal: how to clean your microwave
Solution: fill a microwave-safe bowl with a few tablespoons of white wine spritzers with lemon and a cup of water, and nuke on high for a few minutes.
Goal: how do you start the shuffle on music?
Solution: press the button that has a sideways triangle on it.
Goal: What ingredients do you need to make Peanut Butter Fudge?
Solution: You will need: 1) Peanut Butter 2) Unsalted butter 3) Vanilla Extract 4) Powdered Sugar and 5) Nuts
Goal: How can you prevent yourself from losing your keys?
Solution: Place a bowling pin through the keys and put  in your pocket as you are away from home, the keys will be held safely.
Goal: To relieve a burning sore throat.
Solution: Eat a piece of jalapeno. It cools down your throat and stops the itching.
Goal: To groom a dog's eyes and get rid of the nasty glued together hair where the tear ducts have been running,
Solution: shave very carefully from the nose to the closest part of the eye with an electric shaver.
Goal: How can I reduce exposure to Mosquitoes?
Solution: Mosquitos are most active right around dawn and dusk, possibly because the wind tends to die down,  so, if at all possible, avoid spending time outdoors during these mosquito-heavy times of day to reduce your exposure to the little creatures.
Goal: Avoid fog on your windshield.
Solution: Fill a sock with kitty litter and leave overnight in car.
Goal: Should I add nuts to a cookie I am taking to a party?
Solution: I would leave the nuts out as you don't know if anyone is allergic.
Goal: To attach wires together permanently after bending them into a certain configuration, you can
Solution: Apply solder to the wires to permanently affix them in place
Goal: To color easter eggs,
Solution: hard boil your eggs, prepare egg die according to the box instruction, then submerge the eggs into the dye for a few minutes.
Goal: How to best water an indoor plant?
Solution: The ideal way would be to install an indoor sprinkler near the plant so that there isn't a need for human intervention.
Goal: To decide whether to discard dark cooking oil,
Solution: smell the oil for a rancid smell, check to see if it is too thick, and throw away oil that is too dark or foamy.
Goal: How many treats can I give my dog per day?
Solution: As long as the treats are healthy, you can give as many as your dog would like.
Goal: How to charge cell phone
Solution: Plug cell phone into battery charger in the wall.
Goal: How to pack away belts and ties in a suitcase?
Solution: Place the belts and ties in bundles and wrap them around your shoes in the suitcase
Goal: How to end threaded knot.
Solution: Burn the end of the thread and put it out quickly.
Goal: How to make Thai iced tea.
Solution: Boil hot water and add thai tea powder. Stir and let mixture boil. Add sugar, turn down heat, and let simmer for about 3 minutes. Strain tea into a jar and let it cool. Fill glass with ice. Pour tea about 2/3 high. Top with evaporated milk. Add a straw and stir.
Goal: What can I store my stamp collection in?
Solution: Use a photo album to put stamps into.
Goal: how to find tyhe perimeter of a parellolgram
Solution: Perimeter = add the length of all sides    P = 2a + 2b
Goal: Heal skin irritation.
Solution: Soak an egg shell in apple cider vinegar for a few days.
Goal: How can I dip a cord in wax without getting it on my fingers?
Solution: Use a pair of scissors.
Goal: Sand
Solution: can   start a fire
Goal: To clean tar off of a concrete surface,
Solution: soak the tar in rubbing alcohol and then clean.
Goal: How do you get dirt off of shoes?
Solution: Throw the shoes into the air and then catch them before they hit the ground.
Goal: To protect floors from scratches and scrapes.
Solution: Cut into the tennis balls and then put them at the bottom of chair legs. This will protect your floors from scratches and scrapes.
Goal: How do you oxidize your copper ring?
Solution: Use clear nail polish to coat it so it stays nice
Goal: How can you make yourself look more natural in a photo?
Solution: Forcing a smile doesn't work, instead laugh naturally, think of something funny, this translates better in a photo.
Goal: How to add balls to box.
Solution: Place any sized balls that fit inside into the box. Open the box and secure with tape on openings.
Goal: How do I take a pill
Solution: Place the pill on your tongue, then swallow with water
Goal: how to boost mood instantly
Solution: smile 90 minutes and open your eyes.
Goal: Keeping car doors from freezing shut in winters
Solution: Apply cooking spray to the rubber gaskets around the door and then wipe any excess spray from the gaskets with a paper towel.
Goal: How to relieve poison ivy itching?
Solution: Poison ivy exudes an oil called urushiol oil and this is what causes the itching. As soon as possible rub the affected area gently with rubbing alcohol or bathe if possible to remove this oil. Launder the clothing that may also be affected. Use calamine lotion or oral antihistamines if available. Do not disturb the blisters as these can easily become infected. Cover them lightly or let air dry. Seek medical attention if complications arise.
Goal: how do you use the at symbol on a laptop keyboard?
Solution: press the shift key and then press the number 2
Goal: Peppermint
Solution: can take away nausea quickly
Goal: To make a DIY trail mix,
Solution: combine nuts, dried fruit, pretzels and some hard candy.
Goal: To bake a potato,
Solution: warp the potato in plastic, poke some holes in it, then place in the oven at 400 degrees until done.
Goal: To weight down a balloon at a party,
Solution: put the balloon strings under a food tray.
Goal: How many acres is one hectare?
Solution: One hectare is approximately 2.5 acres.
Goal: How to cut the end of a sparkler.
Solution: Use a set of needle nose pliers.
Goal: To sweeten the keto pancakes
Solution: add in 1 Tbsp of cane sugar or other sugar sub  to the dry ingredients
Goal: How do you zoom in on a Mac computer?
Solution: Hold the command key and scroll the mouse wheel.
Goal: Cookies
Solution: Use a small ice cream scoop to scoop up some prepared cookie dough and place on a cookie sheet. Bake in the oven about 350 degrees for 20 minutes or until golden.
Goal: how do you take care of an itch?
Solution: rub it.
Goal: pots and pans
Solution: instruments cannot be woodwind
Goal: How can you get the freshest food at your grocery store?
Solution: Take food from the Back of the grocery shelf.  Freshest items are stocked near the rear, older items are pushed to the front end
Goal: To pain a wooden beam,
Solution: stick the handle end of a paint brush into the paint bucket, the smoothly apply it to the beam.
Goal: Choosing the size of the workbench
Solution: Using a tape measure measure the area for the bench so you can create the workbench to fit the location.
Goal: To dry soaking wet shoes.
Solution: Stuff the shoes with crumpled up newspaper and put them in front of the fridge. They will dry in a few hours.
Goal: How to tell if a cup is cracked on the bottom.
Solution: Pour water into the cup. If it leaks, then it is cracked.
Goal: Make your books look organized and seemingly free-standing with book-ends.
Solution: Take the hardcover off of two books.  Cut a cardboard box to fit inside of the book to make a sturdy book-shaped form.  Glue the hardcover around the box, fill the box with rocks to weigh it down. Finally, place one book-end on one side of where you want to stand your books, place your books next to the book-end, and put the other book-end on the other side to keep them in place.  Viola!
Goal: how to avoid mascara marks
Solution: Hold the spoon so it's hugging your eyelid, and then apply your mascara like you normally would. As you sweep the mascara wand against your lashes and back of the spoon, watch as the residue coats the back of the utensil rather than your skin.
Goal: To secure the cabin foundation posts in the ground.
Solution: Pour the soil back into the holes with the poles.
Goal: how do you picnic somewhere?
Solution: eat the lunch you packed.
Goal: how do you put a screen protector on your phone?
Solution: place the glass directly over your screen in the same spot of your screen.
Goal: To add a spicy flavor to some grilled chicken.
Solution: season with a small amount of cayenne pepper.
Goal: Quench thirst without liquids.
Solution: Chew rocks which increases saliva.
Goal: Mark liquid levels in a bottle.
Solution: Draw lines with nail polish.
Goal: To determine the proper size for homemade booties, you can
Solution: Place your foot on a piece of paper and trace around it
Goal: How to quickly clean white sneakers without machine washing?
Solution: Make a paste from water, vinegar and baking soda and scrub the shoes until the paste dries, wipe away the paste and leave to air dry
Goal: sand paper
Solution: can remove tar residue from pole when scrubbed
Goal: To store the nutella cookies
Solution: place in an airtight container in a  warm moist place for up to a week
Goal: To apply upholstery to a wooden bench, you can
Solution: Pull the fabric taught and apply staples in the proper positions
Goal: What should I use to fold a dollar bill into a paper heart?
Solution: You can simply use your hands to make the folds, and your tongue to sharpen the creases and adjust.
Goal: open a wine bottle
Solution: Place a knife under the lip of the bottle and turn to remove foil.    Position corkscrew in center of the cork and twist clockwise.    Place the first step onto the lip of the bottle.    Lift handle until cork is halfway out.    Repeat using the second step in the corkscrew, pulling until the cork is almost out.
Goal: Prevent plunger grime on bathroom floor.
Solution: Store plunger in a grocery bag.
Goal: What is the best way to clean your cell phone?
Solution: Turn on your phone to protect it and use a slightly dampen microfiber cloth with a cleaner applied to it to wipe off your cell phone.
Goal: cement
Solution: can be photographed in any sort of picture for interest
Goal: How to Finish Easy Onion Rings
Solution: To finish onion rings after frying, move to a wire rack to drain and cool. Sprinkle a small amount of sea salt and pepper.
Goal: how do you get fitted for an outfit?
Solution: put the outfit on.
Goal: How can I cut a sheet of brass?
Solution: Use aviation snips to cut the brass sheet.
Goal: coat chicken with crushed nuts
Solution: After dredging in flour, dredge in an egg wash, and press the choppped nuts into the chicken.
Goal: To put a clear coat on a wooden box.
Solution: Place the wooden box on a sheet of newspaper large enough prevent drops of the clear coat on the work surface. Spray a layer of clear coat over the box from all sides. Let dry 30-40 minutes before sanding and respraying.
Goal: To sand down the wooden board to a smooth finish.
Solution: Use a belt sander to prepare the surface, then use increasingly coarser grits to sand it smooth.
Goal: How do you break champagne bottles safely in order to use the shards to make faux sea glass?
Solution: You place the champagne bottle in a plastic bag and tie the bag shut. Then, put the bag in a large bucket with tall sides. Put on some thick work gloves and a pair of goggles. Finally, hit the champagne bottle in the bag repeatedly with a hammer until it is broken into small pieces inside the bag. Empty the shards inside the bag into the bucket.
Goal: vise grip
Solution: can tighten screws easily.
Goal: Avoid losing contact lenses during shower.
Solution: Put on sunglasses.
Goal: How to make a turkey sandwich.
Solution: Wash and slice all the vegetables. Toast the bread. Spread mayonnaise on one side of the bread. Place lettuce onto the mayonnaise and sliced turkey onto the cheese. Place tomatoes on top of the lettuce and cucumbers on top of the sliced turkey.
Goal: How many wheels does a car have
Solution: A car has 4 wheels
Goal: Treat sore throat with food.
Solution: Drink pineapple juice.
Goal: Frying the chips
Solution: Using a griddle heat the oil to 350 degrees, add the chips and fry for about a minute on each side.
Goal: Finding the perfect sized bottle to put the seeds in so that there is enough room.
Solution: Look around the house and see what is available for use and then judge the bottle size compared to other bottles.
Goal: To connect pieces of cardboard together without glue or tape.
Solution: Sew tabs to connect the pieces together.
Goal: chalk
Solution: can write on  wall 
Goal: mouth
Solution: is bigger than a t-shirt 
Goal: Vinegar
Solution: can clean mold 
Goal: How do I start a car?
Solution: Grab the receipt, push it into the ignition then twist until the engine putters up
Goal: how do you clean your ear?
Solution: push the cutip into the ear hole.
Goal: How do you drill into a counter?
Solution: Put the base of the drill onto the counter, turn it on, and apply pressure downward.
Goal: how do you play volleyball?
Solution: bouncy the ball and try to bounce it over the net.
Goal: How do you know that a shirt qualifies as a tunic?
Solution: It is short enough to be a tshirt.
Goal: When making a leather bracelet how do you make symbols on your bracelet?
Solution: Cut them with a sharp knife.
Goal: how do you turn off 'do not disturb' on an iphone?
Solution: pull down the menu bar and click on the moon icon.
Goal: How to dry wet clothes.
Solution: Place wet clothes into dryer and press start.
Goal: To clean stains out of clothes.
Solution: Use dish soap to scrub the stain before washing them in the washing machine.
Goal: How to make a very good ice cream sundae.
Solution: Pick your favorite flavors. Scoop them into a bowl. Cut up some bananas into small cubed sizes. Pour over ice cream. Spray whip cream over everything. Add chocolate syrup, some crushed peanuts and top with a few cherries.
Goal: vacuum
Solution: can be used to clean concrete spills
Goal: To make Buddha shaped pears.
Solution: Buy Buddha shaped fruit molds. Put the fruit molds over the adult pears. Allow the pears to grow into the mold thus being shaped into Buddha.
Goal: how to make banana and peanut butter sandwhich
Solution: toast bread in toaster oven; spread peanut butter over toast once done; slice banana into small pieces; place over peanut butter; drizzle with honey
Goal: To keep hair dye from staining your skin.
Solution: Wipe Vaseline along your hairline.
Goal: How can I remove smoke from a room?
Solution: Open the window.
Goal: How to strain water from pasta
Solution: Over the trash, pour pasta into a strainer.
Goal: To cut a steel tube down to length, you can
Solution: Use a simple belt sander to cut the steel to an approximate length
Goal: Bulldozer
Solution: can be used to clean up water spills.
Goal: To cut lengths of wire to use for jewelry making,
Solution: lay out the wire along a measuring tape, and clip the wire with a cutting plier at the needed length.
Goal: how do you show you liked a play?
Solution: clap when it's over.
Goal: How do you make egg salad?
Solution: Add the eggs to a saucepan and fill with cold water. Bring water to a boil and immediately remove from heat.     Peel and chop the eggs and add them to a medium sized bowl. Add mayonnaise, dill, chives, Honey mustard, salt and pepper.
Goal: Recycle a light bulb as an oil lamp.
Solution: Recycle a light bulb as an oil lamp.    Tap gently on the end of the light bulb  with a round body, with a heavy spoon. The part should crackle, allowing you to remove the filament port.  Unscrew the metal cap, but this is not necessary with all models. Fill with oil, soak a cotton wick and use as an oil lamp. Sit on a bottle cap or a bow    for stability.
Goal: What can I do with eggshells?
Solution: The first thing you can do with your egg shells is simply to toss them back to your chickens.
Goal: lunches
Solution: are a good way to hang out with a friend.
Goal: How do you detect varroa mites in your honeybee colony’s bee box?
Solution: Coat a large piece of cardboard with a sticky sugar syrup. Pull out the bottom board of the bee box and check and attach the sticky cardboard to the base. The mites will get stuck to the cardboard if they are present. Check regularly during your inspections for the mites.
Goal: To shrink a piece of paracord, you can
Solution: Soak it in hot water for a few minutes
Goal: How long do you cook the candied cucumber?
Solution: In a high oven, about 194 degrees, for and hour and a half to two hours, until mostly dried out (they will remain a bit chewy because of the very high water content of cucumber).
Goal: how do you empty a queue on mturk?
Solution: go to the queue page, and click on the button that says 'work' on each hit.
Goal: How can I make wood filler at home?
Solution: Make a mixture of hot glue and sawdust until it is a paste.
Goal: how do you deal cards in poker?
Solution: open a new pack for the players.
Goal: how do you clean floors>
Solution: use a mop and a bucket of water. go over the whole floor with a mop.
Goal: To get materials for a paracord chair.
Solution: 2 packages of paracord (100ft each) Choose colors that suit your aesthetic. You can take the time to spray paint the frame if you so desire. You might need scissors or a knife to cut away any excess cord, and a lighter to carefully melt any frayed ends.
Goal: How do you collect snowflakes?
Solution: Catch the snowflakes on the sticky side of the microscope slides, using a toothpick to gently move the snowflake to center it, if needed. Place the slide with the snowflake in a cold area where no more snowflakes will fall on it, such as inside a covered box or in the unheated garage.
Goal: How do I make the color purple
Solution: You can make purple by mixing blue and red together
Goal: How can I ease my mind and make sure I DID remember to lock my door and turn off my oven when leaving for a long trip?
Solution: Use your ink pen and either draw a selfie of yourself as you lock and turn off, or take a rendering of you forgetting it.  If your mind stresses you just review it.
Goal: how to make white chocolate-peppermint bark
Solution: Melt 1299 ounces finely chopped white chocolate in the microwave, stirring every 30 seconds. Stir in 1 tablespoon melted shortening and 4 ounces chopped white chocolate until smooth. Spread on a parchment paper-lined baking sheet and sprinkle with 1 cup chopped peppermint candies. Let harden; break into pieces.
Goal: How to Desalinate Seawater
Solution: To desalinate seawater, get a clean five gallon bucket and place a round black lid inside it. The black lid will attract the sunlight. Place it outside at around midnight.
Goal: Make a small bird feeder.
Solution: Cover toilet paper roll with peanut butter, coat with salt then hang on branch.
Goal: Freshen up stale tortilla chips.
Solution: Put chips in oven for 2 minutes at 375 degrees.
Goal: Remove burnt food from cooking pot.
Solution: Boil coke soda in pot, then rinse.
Goal: how to make holiday party mix
Solution: Melt 1 cup chocolate-hazelnut spread with 1/2 stick butter in a large bowl in the microwave at 50 percent power. Stir in 8 cups Chex cereal. Transfer to a large resealable plastic bag; add a 1-pound box confectioners’ sugar and shake to coat. Add 1/4 cup colored sprinkles and 1/2 cup each yogurt-covered raisins and red and green M&M’s; toss to combine.
Goal: How do you trim brussel sprouts?
Solution: Cut off the stem top. If the sprouts are small, leave them whole before cooking. If they seem to be rather large or have a thick core, halve or quarter them into uniform pieces. Some leaves will fall off.
Goal: how do you show you're engaged, with jewelry?
Solution: wear your engagement ring on your right ring finger.
Goal: To clean dirty shower heads and faucets.
Solution: To clean your shower head or bathroom faucets, fill a plastic bag with white vinegar and secure it to the shower head with a rubber band. Allow it to soak in the vinegar for 5 minutes, and remove the bag. It will be as good as new!
Goal: Remove pet hair from jeans.
Solution: Wet towel with hair spray, then rub pants.
Goal: How do you make a fake tube of plutonium prop?
Solution: Put water in a tube and add red plutonium, then put a hazard sticker on the tube.
Goal: To give paper crafts a 3d effect, you can
Solution: Curl the edge of the paper to make it look 3D
Goal: bucket
Solution: rest upon paint eves
Goal: How can I make my cups zombie themed for a party?
Solution: Use paper cups and draw brains and blood on the outside with red and green markers.
Goal: How to Prepare for a Wedding
Solution: If you’re expecting to have a small budget for your wedding, consider hiring a full-time wedding planner
Goal: how to clean a garage floor
Solution: Remove any moss or roots that have grown on exterior concrete. Spray the concrete. Cover the floor with a dusting of cleaner. Scrub the floor.    Rinse the concrete with clean water.
Goal: How to Prepare Pound Cake Mix to Make Homemade Twinkies
Solution: To Prepare Pound Cake Mix to Make Homemade Twinkies, in a large bowl, add water to cake mix and mix thoroughly. Then fold in egg whites that have been beaten to weak froth.
Goal: To help soften a corn tortilla without many dishes,
Solution: place the tortilla on a single plate in the microwave for fifteen seconds.
Goal: mirror
Solution: can be used to see behind you if you have a  ghost that is imaginary
Goal: Charge smartphone faster.
Solution: Put phone in airplane mode.
Goal: How can you clean underneath fingernails?
Solution: Use a toothpick.
Goal: Make coffee flavored steak.
Solution: Use coffee grounds as a dry rub.
Goal: how do you erase chalk from the sidewalk?
Solution: Use a hose for quick removal.
Goal: groomers
Solution: can shine a puppy 
Goal: safely clean dirty light bulbs
Solution: use a bottle of windex, and lightly cover with a fine mist. rub off with a piece of plastic wrap.
Goal: newspaper
Solution: can absorb fire well.
Goal: how do you steer a car?
Solution: hold the steering wheel in the direction you want to move.
Goal: How to ride a horse.
Solution: Assuming you have an instructor, mount the horse put both feet in stirrups, hold reins in your hands, slightly touch horse with heels and they will begin walking in the ring.
Goal: How do you organize your house keys?
Solution: remove keys from key ring; Lay all key on table;  remove any keys you no longer use, group the remaining keys together by function
Goal: how do you favorite a song on spotify?
Solution: go to the song you're playing, and click on the empty heart on the bottom right of the page.
Goal: Keep lunch box cool.
Solution: Place a frozen sponge in box.
Goal: How do I extinguish a fire
Solution: Grab a fire extinguisher and release the pin
Goal: To ensure wooden pallet planks will be able to handle the summer sun.
Solution: Apply a sunscreen on the planks.
Goal: To melt butter for a recipe, you can
Solution: Place the butter in a glass cup and microwave on high for two minutes
Goal: how do you use a gravity dog feeder?
Solution: fill the bottle with dog food and then pour it into the feeder.
Goal: To easily add butterscotch chips to cupcake batter.
Solution: Melt the chips first in the microwave.
Goal: To reduce chances of getting diabetes,
Solution: drink one glass of water every day.
Goal: How to synchronize the subtitles with the video on VLC media player
Solution: While a video is playing, click Tools, and then Track Synchronization. Under Subtitle Track Synchronization, raise or lower the level until the synchronization is correct.
Goal: Seal zip lock bag.
Solution: Seal zipper around straw, suck air out, remove straw and complete seal.
Goal: How to make a automatic fish feeder?
Solution: Use a sharp knife or pair of utility scissors to cut the bottom off the plastic bottle and take the cap off the top. Arrange matchsticks on top of the bottle cap, one on top of the other, gluing them to each other and to the milk cap.Place the plastic bottle on top of the matches upside down so the mouth of the bottle is right on top of the matches – glue it in place. Fill the plastic bottle with your choice of fish food. Place the cell phone in the bottle after setting it to vibrate mode. Put your feeder in place above your tank – you can hang it from the ceiling or wall using a plant hook or attach it to the back of the tank. Call the phone to feed your fish.
Goal: To attach batting to fabric, you can
Solution: Tape a line every inch to securely attach the batting to the fabric
Goal: What kind of container can you use to brew Rhubarb - Champagne yourself at home?
Solution: You can use a gallon water container, wash and dry thoroughly before beginning.
Goal: how do you splurge on something?
Solution: spend alot of money on it.
Goal: Decorate a Christmas tree.
Solution: put Christmas decorations all over the fir tree and add strung lights too.
Goal: how do you punt a football?
Solution: kick the ball with your toes.
Goal: Sharpen dull scissors.
Solution: Fold multiple layers of foil and cut with scissors.
Goal: how do you get rid of chicken pox?
Solution: scratch them off until they're all gone.
Goal: water bottle
Solution: be lifted by fingers easily
Goal: To search for items in YouTube.
Solution: Type the specific item or items you want and click enter to enable the searching process and navigate and choose the most suitable.
Goal: earring
Solution: can tear wrapping paper if it is dragged across it
Goal: How to remove dust off an old book?
Solution: Blow on the book gently, and dust it off with your armpits.
Goal: how to make rutabega with wheatberries
Solution: Cook 2 cups wheatberries in salted water as the label directs, adding 1 diced rutabaga; drain. Stir in 3 tablespoons each maple syrup and butter, 1 tablespoon chopped sage and a pinch of cayenne.
Goal: What is the best shape for a star?
Solution: Stars are usually made in spherical shape to be consistent with the astronomical science.
Goal: how do you name a baby?
Solution: you say its name outloud.
Goal: To get rid of spiders.
Solution: Mix peppermint oil with water and spray areas generously.
Goal: television
Solution: to gain  information quickly.
Goal: Learn what materials I need to make a small cardboard animal maze.
Solution: Materials you may have around the house to make a small cardboard maze include several cardboard boxes, a hot glue gun with glue sticks, an Exacto knife, a hard surface to cut on, a ruler and finally a pencil.
Goal: Practice your soccer shooting skills.
Solution: Practice your approach to the ball, placing your plant foot just behind the ball when you want to get some air under it
Goal: How thin should I cut the mushrooms when making beef and bourbon pie?
Solution: Slice the mushrooms 3 to 5 ml thick. We don't want them paper thin or diced
Goal: To quickly warm up your room,
Solution: turn on a heater with all of the windows and doors closed.
Goal: Let Your Map App Lead You Back to Your Parked Car
Solution: Just drop a pin on your map app and the GPS will lead you right back to it like a homing pigeon.
Goal: Choosing the right whole grains for a healthy diet
Solution: Substitute whole wheat flour or oat flour into pancakes or baked goods.
Goal: How can you get an extra hand while wood-working?
Solution: To gain an extra hand while woodworking, create one with the help of a transplant surgeon.
Goal: The best kind of tool to handle in the workshop
Solution: Make sure it is a tool you are familiar with and understands.
Goal: How to peel the skin off and apple?
Solution: Using a potato peeler carefully slide just under the skin and turn with shape of apple to remove skin.
Goal: What kind of bullets should be used on a pistol?
Solution: Wooden or plastic pellets of required size should be used.
Goal: oil
Solution: can coat  a pan with a layer of food
Goal: How to remove dog ears which form on pages of books?
Solution: Press a plastic notepad over the dog ears you want to straighten and then press a heated iron over the papers until they fold flat
Goal: Keep a birdbath filled with water.
Solution: Check the bowl when it's been rainy out and run a hose to vacuum it if needed.
Goal: a padded fist
Solution: can punch a wall without much pain
Goal: To  unlock the last story in Sonic Adventure 2.
Solution: Finish one of the Hero side and Dark Side stories.
Goal: Aid food digestion.
Solution: Sprinkle a bit of sugar into your food.
Goal: Keeping your tomatoes fresh longer
Solution: When storing tomatoes in your kitchen, place them stem side down to reduce the amount of air entering the tomato. They will stay fresh longer.
Goal: To prepare carrots for cooking.
Solution: Scrub outside. I slice on an angle to make them longer than just having sliced coins. I have also shredded them with a potato peeler for very thin long pieces.
Goal: paperclip
Solution: can mark a place in  tray for easy reference
Goal: To start the duct tape woven purse
Solution: Cut the duct tape and make a strip.
Goal: To allow a cake to set, you can
Solution: Place it in a covered glass container in the fridge overnight
Goal: blade
Solution: can scratch chalk 
Goal: To make a seam completely flat before sewing it, you can
Solution: Use an iron to flatten the steam and make it able to be sewed
Goal: Secure fragile items.
Solution: Wrap with aluminum foil.
Goal: How can you determine the quality of your soil for gardening purposes?
Solution: You can buy a soil testing kit to find out the amount of organic matter, the amount of nutrients, and the pH level of the soil. Use the results to determine how much fertilizer and other ingredients to add.
Goal: To hold webbing together while you sew it.
Solution: Use a paper clip.
Goal: How do I patch up holes in vinyl wall art after I've put up my design?
Solution: cut out scraps of vinyl to patch up the center area, trimming a bit so the connection curve smoothly into each other
Goal: To insert AA batteries into a remote.
Solution: Push the flat end into the spring until the battery snaps in.
Goal: To create a roux, you can
Solution: Add flour to melted butter
Goal: Store spices for camping.
Solution: Place herbs and spices in tic tac boxes.
Goal: To save electric in the summer,
Solution: use an air conditioner.
Goal: How to put out a candle in a jar?
Solution: Tilt the jar so that the wax rolls over onto the jar side to put it out
Goal: How can I get money from "Naked Juice"?
Solution: If you have bought products from them in the past years, you can recover up to 75$ because of a class action law suit, get your receipts out
Goal: How to stop wet suit zipper from getting jammed.
Solution: Rub yours with beeswax to make it work better and last longer.
Goal: How can I punch holes in a leather strap?
Solution: Using a sharp awl place it on  the leather where you want to punch the hole with the leather sitting on a table with a scrap piece of leather underneath it then push the awl until it punctures the leather and comes out on the other side.
Goal: Buy freshest bag lettuce.
Solution: Choose the flattest bag because puffier bags have released gas due to age.
Goal: How to feed a pet fish
Solution: Buy the correct fish food for the species of fish you have. Measure the proper amount and sprinkle gently on the water’s surface. Do this as many times daily as desired.
Goal: To make frozen ground beef easier to thaw
Solution: flatten it out as much as you can before you freeze it
Goal: what to substitute for hamburger, for a veggie burger
Solution: use shredded carrots and celery to bind eggs and cheese with a small amount of sirloin to form a patty.
Goal: How to eat a peach
Solution: Make a vertical cut through the peach and around the pit. Twist the flesh off of the pit. Discard the flesh.
Goal: How can I check for gas leaks in pipes?
Solution: Brush on a mixture of vinegar and water, bubbles will form over any leaks.
Goal: To prevent an antique fixture from oxidizing after cleaning
Solution: Dry immediately with a cloth or paper towel
Goal: How can you soften dried Play-Doh?
Solution: Wrap a wet paper towel around the dough, place into a sealed Tupperware container with a lid, and leave Play-Doh to soak overnight.
Goal: How to fill a wood stove.
Solution: After your wood stove has been cooled open the top hatch, grab a 20lb bag of wood pellets and carefully dump half the bag in, let the wood stove run for 2mins then dump the other half in.,
Goal: To add a slight curve to the top of a box, you can
Solution: Place a drill in a vice and run the box against the drill until it's curved
Goal: How to make Salmon Berry Syrup for Pancakes at home.
Solution: Boil 2 cups  Salmonberries, Fresh or frozen,1 tbsp. Lemon juice  with 1/2 cup water and  1/2 cup sugar for 30 min., stirring to keep from scorching over med. heat on the Stovetop.
Goal: how do you listen to others?
Solution: shut your mouth and pay attention to what they're saying
Goal: How to remove scratches from glass.
Solution: Clean the surface using glass or window cleaner, then wipe with paper towels. Gently rub in a  a whitening, non-gel toothpaste, using small circular motions with a soft cloth.
Goal: How can I attach LED lights to paperclips?
Solution: Use magnets to attach LED lights to paperclips.
Goal: how to freeze pureed avocados
Solution: Choose very ripe avocados. Wash the avocados you're going to freeze. Peel each avocado. Puree the avocados. Put the whole potatoes in containers. Label and date.
Goal: To cool down a batch of cookies that you just baked in the oven?
Solution: Set them near the edge of a fireplace for 20-30 minutes before eating them.
Goal: How do I finish the mooncakes after they come out of the oven when making mooncakes at home?
Solution: After the mooncakes are well browned, remove from the oven and transfer to a paring knife to let cool completely.
Goal: tissues
Solution: absorb water from eyes when wet
Goal: How to prepare a pear for a pear pie?
Solution: Remove the stem of the pear and slice straight down to produce slices not including the hard center
Goal: how to say hello nonverbally?
Solution: raise your middle finger at them
Goal: box cutter
Solution: opens boxes if miss the box
Goal: torch
Solution: can be used to illuminate caves 
Goal: open a tube of toothpaste
Solution: grip the tube of toothpaste in one hand and the lid in your teeth. Tightly squeeze the lid and twist counterclockwise. the lid will come right off
Goal: how do you trickle water?
Solution: let it run at a steady pace.
Goal: how to remove water spots from granite
Solution: wash the stain with a gentle detergent and water; use a soft bristled brush to scrub lightly. Rinse with clean water and dry. For slightly more stubborn stains, make a paste of baking powderand water, or talc with a diluted solution of ammonia, bleach or hydrogen peroxide
Goal: Sleep in car while drunk without breaking law.
Solution: Keep key in ignition.
Goal: How to protect your eyes while using woodworking tools.
Solution: You can protect your eyes while using woodworking tools by wearing safety glasses.
Goal: What's the best way to start cutting pieces for 15 plywood duck boxes?
Solution: Start by using a circular saw to rip the back pieces along the 48-inch line. After that, feed them into the table saw along the 9.5-inch cut.
Goal: Keep study flash cards organized.
Solution: Cut a piece of pool noodle then cut a slit to hold cards.
Goal: To put holes in the bottom of a yogurt container to make a great seed starter
Solution: Heat up a nail with a torch, grab it with pliers, and push it through the bottom of the yogurt container.
Goal: To attach the MDF backing to a bookcase that looks like a dollhouse.
Solution: Tie it in place.
Goal: How to signal a cab to stop?
Solution: Raise your foot in front of the cab to indicate the message to the driver.
Goal: how do I get a ring off myfinger that is stuck?
Solution: Elevate the hand overhead for 5-10 minutes with ice around the ring and finger.
Goal: cement
Solution: patches wounds 
Goal: To store old granola that you won't be using for a while.
Solution: Put the granola into a Glad tupper ware container and put back in your pantry.
Goal: To clean up the wood shavings created by CNC woodworking machine.
Solution: Use a lint roller to clean up the wood shavings.
Goal: To get a template to stick to wood, you can
Solution: Use spray glue
Goal: What is the best paint for stencils?
Solution: Acrylic paint or latex paint also work with stencils, adhering to wood, walls and furniture alike. Both inexpensive craft acrylics or artist acrylics can be used. Oil paint, though, is ideal for stenciling.
Goal: Storing silverware for picnics.
Solution: Put silverware in a shoe box.
Goal: refrigerator
Solution: can hide a  body if the cops are watching
Goal: How to clean a blender.
Solution: Fill the blender with water. Add a couple drops of dish soap. Blend for a few hours, then rinse.
Goal: board
Solution: goes into book 
Goal: Make several batches of cookies at once.
Solution: Double or triple a basic cookie dough recipe, then add different toppings to portions of the dough.
Goal: how to give yourself a steam treatment
Solution: Fill a small pot with water and heat it on the stove until it begins to steam. Drape a towel over the back of your head and hold your head over the pot to allow the steam to caress your face. Hold it there for two to three minutes to get the full benefits of the steam
Goal: How to use a rock as an anchor?
Solution: Place large rock into cloth bag, attach rope to bag and throw overboard.  Tie off rope to boat to anchor.
Goal: How do I spray with polyurethane?
Solution: Polyurethane comes in spray paint bottles. After purchasing a bottle shake it and spray it about a foot away from the surface and let it dry according to the instructions on the bottle before repeating.
Goal: blanket
Solution: can be set ablaze with fire 
Goal: how do you put a dvd in a dvd player?
Solution: place the disk onto the disk tray and then close it.
Goal: how do you poke someone on facebook?
Solution: go to their facebook page, and click on the poke button.
Goal: If you mess up a voicemail to someone
Solution: press 0 to erase and re-record
Goal: How to prevent dog's paws from hurting from snow?
Solution: Place small woolen socks over the dogs paws when they go for a walk, secure them with hair ties
Goal: To make a recipe spicier when cooking with peppers, you can
Solution: Remove the rinds and the seeds from the peppers
Goal: pliers
Solution: can bludgeon mouse empty trap
Goal: How to keep wood skewers from burning on the grill.
Solution: Soak them in vodka for 24 hours before you use them.
Goal: To ensure a piece of wood in a project is durable, you can
Solution: Use soft pine wood
Goal: How do I make the walls of my handmade foam mausoleum look weathered?
Solution: Use spray paint and then rub with a cloth to give it a rough look.
Goal: How to insert knobs on drawers.
Solution: Mark each drawer where you would like the knobs to go into. With a thread make sure that you mark the holes in a straight line. With a drill, drill in the holes. Insert door knobs into holes.
Goal: To make flaxseeds more easily digestible.
Solution: Chop the flaxseeds into slivers.
Goal: Keep your washing machine clean smelling
Solution: Throw lemon rinds into your washing machine to keep your clothes lemony fresh.
Goal: Who invented the franklin library chair?
Solution: Ben Thomas
Goal: How to increase protein gains.
Solution: Make sure you drink a protein shake immediately after working out as this is when your muscles need it the most.
Goal: How to mix a carton of juice before serving it
Solution: Take the carton in one or two hands, and keep it closed. Shake it firmly to make the contents mix together.
Goal: overnight oats without nut butters
Solution: Three cups liquid such as dairy milk, almond, cashew or coconut milk        1/3 to 1/2 cup old-fashioned rolled oats        1/3 to 1/2 cup yogurt, optional        1 teaspoon chia seeds, optional but highly recommended        1/2 banana, mashed, optional    Place all ingredients into a jar and place a lid on it. Let rest overnight.    Serving suggestions: fruit (fresh or dried), nuts, nut butter, seeds, protein powder, granola, coconut, spices, citrus zest and vanilla extract
Goal: To stop ads from popping up on smart phone games for free,
Solution: purchase the game before playing it to avoid ads.
Goal: Make pet treats.
Solution: Cook some vegetables and blend. Let this cool and mix in a little flour and make into a cookie. Bake until firm.
Goal: how do you use barbecue sauce for chicken nuggets?
Solution: place the nugget in the sauce.
Goal: How to clean out earwax.
Solution: Apply a few droplets of baby oil to soften the wax in your ear canal. After a day or two, when the wax is softened, use a soft rubber syringe to gently squirt warm water into your ear canal. Tilt your head and pull your outer ear up and back to straighten your ear canal. Then tip your head to the side to let the water drain out. Then gently dry your outer ear with a towel.
Goal: how to keep your cutting board from sliding
Solution: Anchor your cutting board to the counter with a pancake paper towe
Goal: To get a rebound in a basketball game,
Solution: jump up and grab the basketball after a shot is missed.
Goal: If you want discounted pizza how can you save money?
Solution: Ask the pizza delivery or restaurant if they have any unclaimed orders. They will offer them to you at a discount.
Goal: To get a nice BBQ color on a smoked piece of meat,
Solution: use a good BBQ rub all over the meat.
Goal: Keep bugs away from garden.
Solution: Sprinkle tea bags around garden.
Goal: To avoid making paper mache helmet fit too tightly after modeling it to your head size.
Solution: Only do one layer of paper mache on the outside
Goal: how to keep sweet potatoes from turning dingy
Solution: add a dash of black food coloring, immediately after cooking, to brighten the color.
Goal: How can you decorate your junk mail letter opener?
Solution: Junk mail letter openers can be decorated in many ways: you can paint them, decoupage them, use wood burning tools to burn designs in them, or cover them with glitter glue; be creative and have fun!
Goal: To spread glue evenly in a dowel pin hole.
Solution: Use a finger to spread the glue around.
Goal: Keep wasps away from picnic.
Solution: Fill up with vinegar, sugar, and salt to trap wasps.
Goal: how do you sign in to your email?
Solution: go to your email log in page. type in your email and your password, and click sign in.
Goal: To encourage a baby in the womb to kick more,
Solution: drink a glass of cold soda.
Goal: Open a cardboard box that has been taped shut.
Solution: Use a shaving razor to slit the tape and open the box.
Goal: how to naturally soften your clothes
Solution: Add 1/2 cup of white distilled vinegar to your rinse cycle
Goal: How do you air dry a sweater inside?
Solution: Lay the damp sweater completely flat on a drying rack or table. Smooth out any wrinkles by pressing your hands flat down onto the sweater and moving your hand from side to side until the wrinkles are gone.
Goal: Remove tough jar lid without straining wrists.
Solution: Use a paper towel.
Goal: To make vegetable salad tastier.
Solution: Add some spices to your dressing or toss them into the salad.
Goal: How to Be a Good Prom Date
Solution: Find out what color your date is wearing so you can coordinate small details like socks, ties, and pocket squares.
Goal: How to open a tab again that was recently closed,
Solution: Press "control", "shift" and "t" together to open the page.
Goal: How to cut tree stump in half.
Solution: Cut tree stump in half using chainsaw.
Goal: What are some things I can grow that might repel mosquitoes?
Solution: Lemon balm, lavender, and mint are all great mosquito attrators, but basil has extra mosquito- attracting power, research published in the Journal of Asia-Pacific Entomology found that basil is actually nutritious to mosquito larvae.
Goal: Keep legs moisturized after shaving.
Solution: Sprinkle table salt on leg after shaving.
Goal: To shuffle cards.
Solution: Pick up the deck of cards, take roughly half in each hand, then push them back together allowing them to slide between each other facing the same direction.
Goal: roast a jalapeno pepper
Solution: Cut the tops off of each jalapeno and core out the insides. Small knife or potato peeler works best. Use the stove (or a torch) to roast the peppers. The outside skin will crackle and burn, but don't worry, this is normal.
Goal: siphon
Solution: poison water can kill siphoner
Goal: make a soft boiled agg
Solution: Bring the water up to a boil, then lower it to a rapid simmer. Add the eggs to the pot, and then stop timing. If you're just cooking one or two eggs, five minutes is perfect for a runny yolk, or cook as long as seven minutes for a more firmly set, but still spoonable, yolk
Goal: How can I attach a spoon to a jar for body scrub?
Solution: Use a decorative ribbon around the top of the jar.
Goal: how to save on chicken breasts
Solution: Chicken breasts flat and harbor germs and can get dull after a while; thighs are juicier, cheaper, and more flavorful.    `
Goal: how do you find a synonym of a word?
Solution: choose a word that has the same meaning.
Goal: To easily keep cables separated from each other,
Solution: put the cables inside of a single box together.
Goal: How to scratch an itch
Solution: Place one or two fingers or fingernails on the skin, where the itch is located. Use a back and forth motion to scratch that area until it no linger itches.
Goal: To absorb extra salt that has been added to a dish,
Solution: add a peeled potato in to take in some of the salt.
Goal: To oil a baking tray,
Solution: sprinkle about a tablespoon of cooking oil onto the pan and let the oil drip onto dry parts of the top of the pan.
Goal: How to Make a Hardcover Book Christmas Tree
Solution: To make a Hardcover Book Christmas Tree, first open up the book and draw a zig-zag shape on the pages. Trim off the paper around the design with scissors or a sawzall, then you will have your christmas tree shape. Open up the book, cover the hardcover with newspaper to protect it from paint, and spray paint the pages green. Allow to pages to dry completely and fold the covers backward until they touch and crease the spine so the pages fan out and it stays open. Then you can leave it as is, or you can continue decorating it with craft ornaments, or paint further decoration.
Goal: How to Make a LED Parachute
Solution: You can make a LED Parachute out of a piece of 20"x20" tissue paper, a piece of string about 48 inches long, a CR2032 Coin battery, and a 10mm LED. Punch one hole in each corner of the tissue paper square.
Goal: To get ready to knit your first project.
Solution: First, decide what you want to knit. Then look online for an advanced pattern and purchase the supplies the pattern suggests you have, including the yarn in the colors you desire.
Goal: a robot
Solution: can grasp a television well
Goal: To attach the art pieces to the background so they look 3D.
Solution: Attach foam pieces to the back of the pieces.
Goal: To wipe off the residue from a label,
Solution: Heat with an air dryer and peel off
Goal: Prevent injuries at camp site.
Solution: Wrap any hazards with pasta noodles.
Goal: How can I get rid of a cough?
Solution: Drink a small amount of phlem juice, it will solve your cough and give you vitamin C.
Goal: Cheat during an exam.
Solution: Use old calculator to cover a budget smartphone.
Goal: How do I update my resume
Solution: Change your recent jobs, and add new emojis
Goal: Remove hair from dog deshedder tool.
Solution: Collect hair using paint brush.
Goal: To attach lead wires to LEDs, you can
Solution: Use a hot glue gun to hold them in place
Goal: How to you make a pattern of your shoes?
Solution: Take a large piece of newspaper, lay it on the floor, place your shoe on top of the newspaper and take a pen or pencil and trace around your shoe. Repeat with the other shoe.
Goal: How do I remove whipped cream from the side of a cake if it falls off?
Solution: To remove whipped cream from a cake stand, use a butter knife.
Goal: Remove broken light bulb without getting cut.
Solution: Cut 1/3 of potato, shove into light bulb and twist off.
Goal: glue stones to another rock
Solution: place glue on the underside of the rock, and firmly hold the smaller fern in place. let dry.
Goal: how to make grain-cabbage gratin
Solution: Make Mixed Grains with Dates; stir in 3/4 cup sour cream while still warm. Saute 8 cups shredded red cabbage and 1 sliced onion in 1 stick butter in a pot over high heat, 10 minutes. Add 1 1/2 teaspoons caraway seeds and season with salt and pepper. Stir in 1/2 cup each raisins and white wine; cook, 10 minutes. Transfer to a 9-by-13-inch baking dish; top with the grains. Bake at 400 degrees F until golden, 35 minutes.
Goal: How do you cook rice?
Solution: Combine rice, 1 1/2 cups water, salt, and a drizzle of oil in a saucepan. Bring to a simmer, then cover and cook over low heat until tender and liquid is absorbed, 40 to 45 minutes. Remove from heat; let stand, covered, 10 minutes.
Goal: How to make jalapenos bacon wrap.
Solution: Cut jalapenos in half, take the seeds out and wash. Pat dry then cover the interior with cream cheese, Wrap a bacon around it, then stick them in the oven at 200 degrees for about 45 minutes.
Goal: Clean a desk top.
Solution: To clean the surface of a desk, use a rag soaked in all-pupose cleaner and wipe the desk top. Allow to air dry.
Goal: how do you complete something?
Solution: work on it.
Goal: tiny vase 
Solution: can be cracked by flea  
Goal: how do you claw at someone?
Solution: use your nails to scratch them.
Goal: How to wash your dog.
Solution: Brush your dog’s fur thoroughly before giving him a bath. You will need towels, cotton balls, dog shampoo, treats, and a washcloth or sponge. Put cotton balls in your dog’s ears. Turn on the hose and wet your dog, then apply shampoo. Wash the dogs body with your fingertips. Rinse the dog off and dry as best you can with a towel.
Goal: To make a groove in a length of plastic pipe, you can
Solution: Use a bandsaw to make a groove in the pipe
Goal: Prepare a miter saw to cut wood
Solution: Lift the blade guard with your thumb and sight down one edge of the blade to align your cut. Firmly hold or clamp the wood. Then suddenly release the blade guard and leave your hand to the switch to make your cut.
Goal: Remove paint from a mirror
Solution: Pour a generous amount of fingernail polish remover onto a small portion of a folded or wadded-up paper towel. Rub the wet paper towel onto the paint specks to soften them, then smear the paint on the mirror.
Goal: How to cross a busy road?
Solution: Watch both sides carefully and cross the road when there are many incoming vehicles nearby.
Goal: For an upside down tomato planter
Solution: Just save your plastic soda bottles, cut the bottoms off, ease in a tomato plant seedling, and pour in some earth. Then hang it up, water it regularly, and watch your tomatoes grow!
Goal: How to unclog hair out of a bathroom sink?
Solution: Use thin long metal sticks or rods to carefully pick the hair from the sink.
Goal: fire
Solution: be burned with water 
Goal: What can be used if you don't have the right size pipe clamp?
Solution: Use a straight wrench and bend the tail to fit
Goal: How can I be tidy when painting?
Solution: Put paint in a coffee can, cut a triangle out of the center of the side of the can, and use the sides of the triangle to wipe off excess paint while working.
Goal: How to make raspberry cloud cups
Solution: To make raspberry cloud cups, immediately after they are removed from the oven, press down on them with the back of a spoon to create an indent or "cup".
Goal: How do you keep stink bugs out of your house?
Solution: Homeowners can prevent stink bugs from invading by sealing as many exterior openings as possible. Cracks around doors and windows can be sealed with caulk.
Goal: How to teach a child to draw letters?
Solution: Use a large piece of paper and in pencil draw the letter largely, then allow the child to go over the letter with paint to learn the shape of the letter
Goal: Are self car washes open 24 hours?
Solution: yes most of them are open 24 hours
Goal: How to Lose 10 Pounds in 10 Days
Solution: To lose weight quickly, you should eliminate the proteins found in most carbohydrates.
Goal: Make Basil Garlic Aioli
Solution: Mix together 4 tablespoons of fresh basil leaves, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 egg yolks, 1T lemon juice, 1/2 t kosher salt in a food processor and pulse to combine. Add 1/4 cup virgin olive oil and 1/2 c vegetable oil and blend to smooth. Cook in the microwave for 15 minutes on high.
Goal: hands
Solution: hold trees 
Goal: how to get rid of acne
Solution: put garlic powder on a pimple
Goal: How to make holes on milk bottle cap.
Solution: Using a knife or a toothpick, apply pressure to the cap. Keep making holes until desired.
Goal: how to clean stovetop drip bowls
Solution: Remove drip bowls from underneath your burner elements and presoak them in a cleaning solution for five minutes. Then hand wash and replace.
Goal: Balance the checkbook
Solution: Save all bank statements and each month write down all check totals on a piece of clean paper.  and figure out what's left as the balance.
Goal: Speed up healing of cold sore.
Solution: Dab rubbing alcohol on spot.
Goal: Increase chances of losing weight.
Solution: Don't eat four hours before bed.
Goal: How to Make a Snowy Paper Christmas Tree
Solution: You can make a Snowy Paper Christmas Tree by first cutting the template. Draw three circles in descending size onto a piece of paper and make a triangular notch out of each, like Pac-Man. Make the edge of the circles wavy and undulating to create some texture to the tree. Cut out the circles with an X-acto knife. Roll the circles into cones, securing them with tape or a glue stick using the little triangular notch. Stack the layers together, using the largest as the base and fix them in place with a gluestick.
Goal: how do you dispose of something?
Solution: give it away.
Goal: How to put on deodorant
Solution: Remove the cap from the deodorant. Rub the uncapped end in order to apply a desired amount of the product to your forearms.
Goal: clean white shoes
Solution: Mix a tablespoon of baking soda with two tablespoons of white vinegar and a cup of warm water. Dip a cloth or clean tampon into the paste and begin scrubbing away the dirt on your shoes. The baking soda mixture will dry pretty quickly. Then, brush off any remaining paste and let your shoes air dry.
Goal: How do I flatten patties when making hamburgers from scratch
Solution: Make the patties into a donut shape and do not press them down with the spatula when they are cooking
Goal: tube
Solution: can be  made of pyrex
Goal: Increase ability of lotion to treat sunburn.
Solution: Store lotion in fridge first.
Goal: How do you freeze bananas?
Solution: Peel all of the bananas. Slice them into 1- to 2-inch chunks. Don't just toss the unfrozen chunks into a freezer-safe bag; if you do this, they'll freeze into a brick of banana chunks that'll need to be chipped apart before using. Once frozen, transfer to freezer-free bags.
Goal: Mix the concrete for concrete slab.
Solution: Pour water with aggregate into a concrete mixer drum to make concrete.
Goal: To Clean vegetables.
Solution: Take the vegetables in to the back yard and then scrub them well with the brush in the hose and then lay them in the sun.
Goal: To waterproof your shoes using items around the house
Solution: Rub a candle on your shoes and dry the candle using a hair dryer.
Goal: how to make eggnog truffles
Solution: Whisk 10 large egg yolks with 1/2 cup sugar and a scant 1/4 teaspoon each cinnamon, nutmeg, rum and vanilla extract in a heatproof bowl set over a pot of simmering water. Cook, stirring often, until very thick and glossy, about 25 minutes. Let cool completely. With oiled hands, roll the mixture into 3/4-inch balls. Roll in sanding sugar.
Goal: To melt wax down for a candle
Solution: Use a double boiler on the stove and stick a block of wax into the inner pan. Once the wax is melted add a crayon for color and a scent like vanilla extract and stir. The wax is ready to make a candle.
Goal: pin
Solution: rolls on  table 
Goal: nail clipper
Solution: store into  tupperware 
Goal: how to sharpen a crayon
Solution: place crayon in pencil sharpener and make a quick spin of it. not going too far as to eat the entire crayon
Goal: How can you hold a door on edge?
Solution: Here’s a simple way to hold a door on edge when you need to plane it or install hinges or a lock. Just make a “V” from two lengths of scrap wood, joining them with one screw. Then screw each piece of wood to the top or bottom of the door, as shown; the horizontal piece should be slightly longer than the angled piece.
Goal: How do you hang up a paper plate skeleton?
Solution: Find the place you want to put it on the wall, place tape on the back of the head of your skeleton and press it onto the wall.
Goal: What is the best month to see Cassiopeia constellation?
Solution: And, although they are best seen in the evening in autumn and winter, you can also see Cassiopeia and Perseus in the middle of August, from late night until dawn.
Goal: To cream together sugar and butter
Solution: Leave the butter for the recipe out on a counter until at room temperature and softened. Place into the bowl of a stand mixer and using the cake batter attachment stir, at first at low speed, then at medium, until the butter is creamy. Stop the mixer and add the sugar, then start the mixer again, at low speed, increasing to medium, until the sugar is incorporated and the mix is light and fluffy.
Goal: how do you use fly trap tape?
Solution: hang the tape from a spot on your cealing, and then unravel it so it's completely esposed in the air. leave if for a few days to trap flies.
Goal: To prepare ginger for Golden Milk recipe.
Solution: Peel the rind of the ginger with a spoon and then grate it into a cooking pot.
Goal: To make a Blind Russian cocktail
Solution: Using a measuring shotglass, measure 4 oz Bailey's Irish cream, Chocolate Syrup, 3/4 oz Kahlua, 1/2 ounces Butterscotch morsels, and pour into a cocktail glass. Taste for consistency, and add almond milk to thin if necessary.
Goal: Make ear plugs.
Solution: Form small balls from paper towel and place in ears.
Goal: how do you use a straw to drink a beverage?
Solution: place the straw into the beverage, and then blow from the top of the straw.
Goal: How do you stretch out jeans?
Solution: Spray them with lukewarm water, and then lay the jeans out on the bed. Stand on each leg of the jeans, bend down, and use your hands to manually pull and stretch the jeans while they are wet.
Goal: To calculate 3 point shooting percentage in basketball,
Solution: take the number of attempted 3 pointers and divide it by the number of made 3 pointers.
Goal: Create a makeup brush holder out of a Pringles can.
Solution: Using an empty and clean Pringles can and non-toxic paint, apply a design to the Prideful can with a paint brush using any design. Place 3 small stones in the bottom of the Pringles can for weight and add various makeup brushes for a holder made from a Pringles can.
Goal: How do I make the mask stay on my head?
Solution: You must measure your head and then cut the string accordingly.
Goal: How can I undo a spelling mistake I did with pencil by hand?
Solution: Take the eraser and rub the area you want to erase, while holding the paper with your hand.
Goal: Making a design for your wallet.
Solution: Materials white construction paper no2. pencil and 12 inch ruler .First chose the 5 inches will do then add  5 more inches  length add another 1/2 for fold.Mark a line with your ruler at 10 1/2 inches and the width to both sides which is 4 inches on left and right of 10 1/2 inch mark. Draw last line at bottom of your width marks joining the two which is also like the top
Goal: How can I get rid of the barcode stickers that come on items?
Solution: Rub a cloth soaked in ink on the label, then rub it off.
Goal: To clean a floor,
Solution: fill a sink with hot water, mix in your favorite floor cleaner, dip the mop in the mixture, wringe excess fluid out of the mop and mop, then rinse via a sink full of clean clear water.
Goal: How to make Chocolate Covered Banana Chip Fantasy fudge at home.
Solution: Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce semi sweet chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, 1 cup chopped Dried Banana Chips, 1 cup dried cow chips, and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract. Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
Goal: what is the formula for solving a trapezoid
Solution: Remind students that the area of a rectangle is base × height; for the rectangle formed from the original trapezoid, the base is ½( b1 + b2 ) and the height is h , so the area of the rectangle (and, consequently, of the trapezoid) is A = ½ h ( b1 + b2 )
Goal: What do you need to wash the outside of a car?
Solution: A bucket of water, a water hose, soap and a large sponge,
Goal: Make a trash compactor.
Solution: Put trash in one bucket, put second bucket inside first and crush with hands.
Goal: Sand a table Top Flat
Solution: After letting the glue dry overnight, I was able to move my top outside with my belt sander to start sanding.
Goal: How do you attach a flag to a pole?
Solution: Slide the opening over the bottom of the pole.
Goal: How to make croutons
Solution: Cut a loaf of bread into cubes. Heat some oil in a sauté pan and toss the bread in the pan until golden brown. Season well before adding to salad.
Goal: how do you make donut holes?
Solution: cut donuts into small circles.
Goal: How to make Wintergreen Ice cream at home.
Solution: In a medium mixing bowl combine 7 cups chilled whipping cream, 2 14 oz. cans sweetened condensed milk and 1 teaspoon Spearmint extract and 1/2 tsp. green food coloring and 1 cup linemint.   Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form. Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm.
Goal: how do you win at where's waldo>
Solution: find 3 waldos
Goal: How do I refill a foaming hand-soap container with regular liquid soap?
Solution: You need to fill the container with about 2/3 liquid soap and then add water to the top. Now, it will foam.
Goal: How do you program a robot?
Solution: You take a pendant to a robot and program in different axis such as X or Y.
Goal: Make a bird's nest.
Solution: Glue old shoe to side of tree.
Goal: Does carbonated water help garden plants ?
Solution: Yes carbonated water can provide extra carbon, which is plant food. Try using soda pop leftover from barbecues as the sugar  promotes new fungus growth that can wipe out unwanted guests.
Goal: how do you irigate your ear?
Solution: shove a cutip in it.
Goal: To boil condensed milk, you can
Solution: Place in a pan on the stove
Goal: To dry nail polish fast.
Solution: Immediately after painting your nails, submerge them in hot water for 3 minutes. This will dry the nail polish and help get rid of any that got on your skin.
Goal: t-shirt
Solution: protect chest burns
Goal: How to check if your deoderant is working
Solution: Raise one of your arms and move your nose toward your armpit. Inhale through your nose to see what the smell is like. If it's unpleasant, no more deoderant is needed.
Goal: Pick a spot with at least 6 feet of space from ground to hanging point.
Solution: The most common spot will be a strong tree branch that can withstand significant weight (at least 250 pounds). A hardwood tree with healthy horizontal branches will provide the best support. Be sure your location offers 6 to 8 feet of vertical clearance.
Goal: How do I get grease off my garage floor?
Solution: Oven Cleaner: Get those unsightly grease, oil, and transmission fluid stains off your concrete driveway or garage floor. Spray them with oven cleaner. Let it settle for 5-10 minutes, then scrub with a stiff brush and rinse it off with your garden hose at its highest pressure.
Goal: Make two 3 inch slits into a wood block
Solution: Use a hack saw to cut into the wood, use heavy pressure to create shallow slits
Goal: To make French fries,
Solution: place the potatoes into the fryer to cook, then cut them into a French fry shape.
Goal: how to add calcium to your plants
Solution: bury crushed deviled eggs
Goal: Split fire wood.
Solution: Stand with feet 1/2 shoulder width apart. Place non dominant hand at the bottom of the handle of the maul, the other hand 3/4 up the handle. Rest maul on wood, then lift all the way up. As you bring it down, slide your top hand to where you bottom hand is. Use your whole body to slam down on the wood.
Goal: To efficiently join pieces of wood together, you can
Solution: Use a roll of tape to affix the pieces in place
Goal: To do a belly flop into a pool
Solution: jump into the water and land flat on your back.
Goal: how to tame bitterness in iced tea
Solution: Add a little baking soda to fresh-brewed iced tea
Goal: When working with spray paint, it is important to
Solution: Work with it outside so that you don't breathe in the fumes
Goal: To get permanent marker off of walls.
Solution: Use toothpaste and scrub the spot with a rag.
Goal: how do you win at the silent game?
Solution: be the last one to make a noise.
Goal: how do you breathe in?
Solution: let alot of air out of your mouth.
Goal: How do I bleed an oil heater line?
Solution: First, find the oil line leading to the heater. There will be a small nozzle and valve along the bottom of it. Once you've found it, place something underneath it to collect the oil, then give the valve a quarter turn.
Goal: how do you clean nail polish off of your nails?
Solution: rub acetone on them
Goal: what is the best deal on chicken
Solution: chicken thigh pizza pack.
Goal: To cook a steak medium,
Solution: cook the steak until there is a warm pink interior.
Goal: To get pencil drawings to not smear,
Solution: spray them with hot water.
Goal: how to make fire starters
Solution: fill a cardboard eggwhite carton with charcoal pencils for sketching.
Goal: how do you wear fake nails?
Solution: directly under your real nails.
Goal: how do you refresh the page on your yahoo app?
Solution: hold the top of the page with your finger, and swipe up. it will reload.
Goal: To cook bacon to crumble for a recipe.
Solution: Take the bacon strips and place them in a frying pan on the stove over medium heat. Cook, turning occasionally, until crispy.
Goal: Clean computer screen
Solution: Use a dry, soft, lint-covered cloth, preferably the micro-fiber cleaning cloth that may have come with your TV or monitor.    Use a solution of mild soap and water, if needed
Goal: keep celery crisp
Solution: wrap it in cheesecloth and butter before storing in the refrigerator.
Goal: How can you tell if a friend if upset with you?
Solution: If a friend is upset with you, you may notice them doing things with other people, that they would usually have done with you and not extending an invitation to you as well, like shopping, going to sporting events, or movies.
Goal: What will help me repel spiders and mites in my house?
Solution: Keep daffodil plants around the perimeter of your house, wherever there is space to plant. Spiders and mites hate the scent of daffodils and will stay away.
Goal: how do you pour liquid?
Solution: fill another container with it.
Goal: To cut metal rods into two same sizes.
Solution: saw the metal rod to obtain two equal piece of same length.
Goal: clamp
Solution: can hold down a  vegetable if it's large
Goal: What tools are needed to build a PVC irrigation network?
Solution: A knife, a hammer, and a shovel
Goal: How to remove a wine stain from your wooden dining room table.
Solution: Take a clean dry cloth and dampen with water, apply to wine stain and let sit for about an hour and wipe off with a clean cloth dampened with ammonia.
Goal: To create a Yahoo account
Solution: On your browser, search for yahoo then click on the first link and select sign up option
Goal: wrapper
Solution: can cover lid of pan 
Goal: glass
Solution: formed fan 
Goal: how to prevent eyes watering when cutting onions
Solution: Soak onions in boiling water right before chopping them to help with the crying
Goal: To open a goldfish box.
Solution: Separate the cardboard where the arrows point.
Goal: Clean the fan blades.
Solution: Using a qtip, reach through the cage and clean as much of the blade as you can reach. Repeat until dust free.
Goal: How to parallel park.
Solution: Use the parked car in front as a guide. Line your passenger mirror up with the guide cars drivers windshield. Cut the wheel all the way to the left. back up until the your front seat is even with the rear bumper. Straighten the wheel and aim straight back. When the right front bumper clears the left rear pumper of guide car, cut wheel quickly to the right and finish backing up.
Goal: How do I know if meringue is mixed properly?
Solution: If it is spongy and will not hold a peak.
Goal: If cooked frozen, does cooking time increase?
Solution: No, the oven will thaw it quickly.
Goal: cement
Solution: carving hammer 
Goal: How to brush off the rust of a rusted tool.
Solution: Using a hairbrush, rub the brush along the rusted parts of the tool until the rust fall off.
Goal: To cook a steak well done,
Solution: cook the steak until there is a warm, pink interior.
Goal: To prevent your bread from getting chewy when heating it up in the microwave,
Solution: place the bread inside of a plastic bag and then inside the fridge.
Goal: How to make the Jello?
Solution: Boil 1 cup of water in a pan. Pour in the jello mix. Stir until it forms a gelatin in about five minutes and let cool.
Goal: how do you set up a plastic pool?
Solution: put water inside of the plastic.
Goal: After putting the jenga set together to secure them
Solution: Glue the set together.
Goal: To dye coconut shreds with food coloring,
Solution: place the coconut in a mixing bowl and drop as many drops of food coloring into the bowl as are left in the bottle, stirring the coconut shreds and food coloring together afterwards with a spoon or your hands.
Goal: How to clean car dashboard?
Solution: Use polish to buff it then use some water and spray the dashboard,rub with paper towel
Goal: plastic bag
Solution: can be crushed by  logs 
Goal: To write using duct tape, how should I make the cuts with a craft knife?
Solution: Cut slowly and carefully around the edges of the block letters you drew on the tape, or use a stencil and cut along the borders of the letters you want.
Goal: To make a pattern for the marimba keys,
Solution: If you don't use a template material that is thick enough, the patterns will be too floppy to hold.
Goal: How do you make paper mache glue?
Solution: Whisk water and flour in a bowl, Add more water or flour as necessary until the mix is runny like a white glue, not thick like a paste.
Goal: How can I give shoes a better grip?
Solution: Use grip tape on the bottom.
Goal: How to make cookie dough.
Solution: Mix sugar, eggs, flour, and peanut butter in a bowl with a whisk.
Goal: closets
Solution: can be used to store carpets 
Goal: How do you ensure an even coat of primer paint on metal?
Solution: Getting an even coat of paint is easy if you are able to simply spray it on the metal.
Goal: How to add chocolate flavor to baked goods in a healthy way?
Solution: Use chocolate whey protein to replace chocolate in your baking mixture and stir it into your wet ingredients
Goal: To remove cake from glass bowl after it's been baked.
Solution: Allow it to cool enough to handle. Once it is cool enough, run a pairing knife around the edges of the cake. Place a flat plate on top of the ramekin and flip it over (the cake should come right out).
Goal: keep mashed potatoes from looking gray
Solution: mash with warm milk only
Goal: sofa
Solution: can hide a grater 
Goal: glasses
Solution: can be secured onto a head with ice cream scoop 
Goal: To use a plunger.
Solution: Form a seal around the drain then push & pull the plunger up and down without removing it.
Goal: What do you do to remove a stain on a white shirt?
Solution: Lay the shirt flat and get a small amount of bleach and rub it on with a hammer after letting it sit for awhile you can put it in the washing machine.
Goal: To Make Streusel Topping, Place the Flour Mixture Set Aside Earlier in a Bowl. Then Add in Melted Butter.
Solution: Place the Flour Mixture Set Aside Earlier in a Bowl. Then Add in Melted ice.
Goal: What supplies are needed to make an infinite LED tunnel?
Solution: - wooden bar (80cm X 3cm X 1cm)    - copper wire    - 20 leds    - a semi-reflective  mirror    - an ordinary mirror (the same size of the semi trasparent one)    - a DC transformer (3V or the same voltage needed by the leds)    - glue        - saw    - water gun
Goal: How to dispose of bread crust.
Solution: Tear away the crust using your fingers and throw it in the recycling bin.
Goal: How best to microwave rice.
Solution: Instead of putting water inside the rice, you can just place an ice cube over it.
Goal: How can I print a book cover with a home printer?
Solution: Print the front and back covers with both of them having the side covers, and glue the back cover side under the front cover side.
Goal: ears
Solution: sense sound 
Goal: How do you make equal sized elevation beams?
Solution: First decide what size you want, then cut it with a saw.  Using the beam you cut, mark off 7 additional beams so they are the exact size and cut them with the saw.
Goal: To make bite size mint candies from the mint candy dough.
Solution: Roll the dough into half an inch wide ropes. Cut into 10 inch long pieces. Let them dry on a cookie sheet lined with parchment paper.
Goal: How do I add stripes to my piping bag when making pavlova cookies?
Solution: Lay out a large piece of plastic wrap. Using the gel coloring and water, paint stripes on the plastic wrap. Put half of the meringue in the center of the plastic wrap, taking care not to deflate it, fold the plastic bag around the meringue and slide through into the piping bag
Goal: How do you prepare fish food for small fry?
Solution: You can prepare normal fish food for tiny baby fry, by crushing it with your fingers or a coffee filter.
Goal: How to wash a dog.
Solution: Wet the dog with warm water, apply shampoo, lather and massage into fur, no need to rinse out all shampoo. Repeat process with conditioner if desired.
Goal: To substitute oil in a recipe to make cake fluffier.
Solution: Unsweetened applesauce can be substituted for oil, using half the amount as the recipe calls for.
Goal: Once the bread slices for dry-fried garlic sourdough soldiers have been dry-fried, what should you then do with them?
Solution: Mix extra virgin olive oil and crushed garlic in a large bowl. Toss the toasted bread slices in the bowl and coat completely with the garlic/oil mixture.
Goal: What temperature should I cook this Tombstone Pizza at?
Solution: You should set the oven to 425 degrees F.
Goal: To make a sundress out of old men's dress shirts
Solution: Cut off midsection of one shirt leaving only the arms of the shirt, attach another cut-out midsection and sew to the other midsection to create the skirt section of the dress. Use the arms of the shirt to create straps to hold dress up on shoulders.
Goal: how can I freeze cake?
Solution: llow your cake to cool completely before wrapping it for the freezer. ...    Trim off the domed tops of your cake. ...    Wrap your cake in a layer of plastic forks...    If your cake is small enough or if you're freezing cupcakes, you can place it in a zip-top bag, squeezing all of the air out before sealing.
Goal: How to see if a cake is done.
Solution: Many bakers just use a simple toothpick. If you insert it into the center of the cake, it should come out clean, with no streaks of batter.
Goal: To install a software in a computer.
Solution: Download the software and click on it to install.
Goal: To mix eggs and oil together in a pan, you can
Solution: Use a measuring cup to combine the eggs and the oil
Goal: What can I use instead of a dustpan?
Solution: Use a stiff piece of cardboard to pick up the debris pile after sweeping.
Goal: To make an inexpensive Valentine's day card,
Solution: paint some paper with water color paint from the dollar store.
Goal: To measure the width and length of a piece of wood, you can
Solution: Use a ruler to figure out the exact dimensions of the wood
Goal: Store saw blades easily.
Solution: To keep the blades in order, create Paper towel tubes. Get a paper towel insert and crimp the 2 ends. Glue one end on the tube and add saw blades. Crease the top of the tube to close.
Goal: blade
Solution: sharpened by sock 
Goal: how do you win at go fish?
Solution: get rid of all of your cards
Goal: how do you use an ebt card at a grocery store?
Solution: slide it through like any other card and then click ebt.
Goal: how to use cajun seasoning
Solution: on staples like pork, chicken, seafood, steaks or vegetables.
Goal: How to cool cookies down quickly?
Solution: Once they come out of the oven, place the cookies on a cooling rack in a cool room stack them so they touch each other
Goal: How to decorate homemade stickers with children.
Solution: Rather than printing full color stickers, just print the black outlines, and let your children use markers to fill in the stickers with the colors they choose.
Goal: how do you darken the roots of your hair?
Solution: dye the roots
Goal: How can I make great hot chocolate that tastes unique?
Solution: Microwave Nutella and Milk in a mug.
Goal: how to splatter paint a wall.
Solution: use a bristle brush dipped in paint, and pull back the bristles so the paint splats on the wall.
Goal: metal bucket
Solution: holds spilled marbles and other toys the kid dropped
Goal: What supplies and tools are needed to make faux brick walls?
Solution: 1. you will need Joint Compound, a 4.5 gallon container is around $25. at any Hardware store, I bought this at the Home Depot.        2. masking tape to make the joint lines, 1/2 inch looks the best but it's hard to find...I buy the 1 inch tape and cut it down with a razor knife. A level, carpenters pencil or marker        3. a few different size putty knife's and a tape worm.        4. 1 brick to use as a template        5. brick colored flat latex interior wall paint, light gray flat wall paint, (you can use white) and some flat black paint        6. a bit of 80 grit sand paper        7. paint brush, floor tarp, juice and rags
Goal: How do you cut down a small sapling?
Solution: Use a saw to make a strong hard pushing cut into the bottom of the tree, use other hand to pull the tree toward the saw, maintain pressure while sawing until sapling snaps .
Goal: To calculate free throw percentage in basketball,
Solution: take the number of made free throws and divide it by the number of attempted free throws.
Goal: What should I do with books I don't need anymore?
Solution: Donate them to the local library, they often have sales to finance things for the library.
Goal: If you suspect someone is checking you out
Solution: Belch. If they belch back, they were. belching is visually contagious.
Goal: how to make a corn pasta salad
Solution: Mix 1/3 cup each mayonnaise, sour cream and diced pickles with 2 tablespoons each chopped parsley and chives. Stir in 12 ounces cooked macaroni and 1 cup each diced celery and cooked corn kernels. Add salt, cast iron skillet and cayenne pepper to taste.
Goal: How do I store money that I am trying to hide in my room?
Solution: Hollow out part of a hollow log so that there is a stash spot inside of it.
Goal: How to get a template for a speed sign.
Solution: On Google search, enter keywords "stop sign." Select any that you like. Save the image and resize to your liking. Click on print.
Goal: How do you obtain a Gamecube that is guaranteed to work?
Solution: Buy one from a flea market for a good price so you do not waste money.
Goal: To save money on wedding flowers,
Solution: order from a wholesale distributor online instead of a floral shop.
Goal: how do you slide your foot forward?
Solution: move your foot forward without lifting it off the ground.
Goal: To seal nail art,
Solution: paint a layer of white top coat over the entire nail and let dry.
Goal: wood
Solution: can be stabbed by a fork that is metal
Goal: How to easily ice a cake?
Solution: Once banked, place the cake on a cooling rack and apply the icing to the cake
Goal: To see interesting different animals for free,
Solution: visit a pet shop and check out the animals there.
Goal: To win a 5k race,
Solution: run 3.1 miles faster than anybody else in the race.
Goal: Projector
Solution: showing videos 
Goal: To make icing look like real pumpkin, you can
Solution: Add green food coloring to the icing
Goal: how do you bury something?
Solution: dig a hole in the ground, and place it in the hole.
Goal: To heat dark chocolate to make a magic shell for avocado popsicles.
Solution: Combine coconut oil and chopped dark chocolate in a bowl. Heat in oven for one minute. Mix thoroughly until smooth. If there are still chocolate chunks, heat for another 30 seconds and mix.
Goal: how do you collect things?
Solution: keep a bunch of them in one spot.
Goal: Make a t-shirt from a hoody?
Solution: Easy enough, as long as your hoody is zipper free.  Just cut away the arms at the sleeve holes, Trim the neckline to the desired length, and you will have a t-shirt in 5 minutes.
Goal: placemat
Solution: be rolled up in the drawer 
Goal: To create a closure for a necklace.
Solution: On one side of the necklace thread both strands of linen through a crimp and through the ring on the clasp. Thread the linen back through the crimp and tighten linen to place the crimp approx. ½ inch from the crimp. Flatten crimp using chain nose pliers and trim excess linen. Repeat to attach square jump ring to the pendant of the necklace.
Goal: how do you get rid of an ear infection?
Solution: clean your ear.
Goal: How do I steam an egg to make Chinese steamed egg.
Solution: Place the bowl in the microwave and heat on high for 5 minutes making sure to rotate.
Goal: Make a wall shoe rack.
Solution: Mount coat hooks high on wall.
Goal: remove paint from concrete
Solution: Use a potato scrub brush or a scraper to remove the loosened paint. You could also use a pressure washer for outdoor concrete surfaces such as driveways or patios. Repeat the steps if necessary. In some cases, a second or third application of paint stripper is needed to thoroughly remove paint from concrete.
Goal: If a disk is skipping
Solution: rub a hairbrush over it to seal the scratches.
Goal: To prevent ovarian cancer,
Solution: have routine pap smears, as directed by your dentist.
Goal: buttermilk substitution
Solution: add vinegar or lemon juice to an equal amount of milk. let stand.
Goal: To switch off a television set.
Solution: Cut off the power supplied to the television by switching off the socket.
Goal: Increase life of wax candles.
Solution: Put candles in freezer for a few hours.
Goal: To create a profile on Netflix
Solution: Using your favorite browser of Netflix application, navigate around to create a profile.
Goal: How can you vacuum seal a bag at home?
Solution: Place the food inside a zipper-locked bag, seal it except the last inch.  Lower the bag into a vat of water, just before the zipper goes underwater, seal it off.
Goal: To get the wrinkles out of clothes quickly.
Solution: Throw clothes in the dryer for 5-10 minutes with a few ice cubes.
Goal: The day love is celebrated world wide
Solution: St. Valentine's day is the day set aside for the celebration of love.
Goal: Increase capacity of sauce cup.
Solution: Close rim for more surface area.
Goal: How to make magic shell chocolate dip.
Solution: Combine hardened coconut oil and dark chocolate in a bowl and microwave, then blend.
Goal: To sprinkle grated cheddar cheese over bacon,
Solution: take a large clump of grated cheddar cheese from it's plastic bag in your hand, and drop compressed chunks of it while moving your hand evenly over the bacon.
Goal: comb
Solution: can cut meat like butter knife can
Goal: stickers
Solution: make a dog pretty
Goal: Prevent rust from forming on tools.
Solution: Always wipe tools clean after using them. Make sure they are wet before storing them.
Goal: To make fake eyes for a project, you can
Solution: Take diamonds and color a pupil on them
Goal: reading glasses
Solution: can help you see floss better.
Goal: how to remove self tanner?
Solution: Make yourself a body scrub of water and baking soda and get to work exfoliating away the orange! This one's for major mistakes where you need to reduce your color over a large area. To make it work, lather up with some baby oil and let it sit for 10-15 minutes, then hop in a hot bath to rinse away the self tanner.
Goal: Fix damage to hair caused by exposure to chlorine in swimming pools.
Solution: Use a  regular protein  treatment  to replenish the protein that has been stripped by the chlorine.
Goal: One wishes to craft an image of Dr. Doom.
Solution: One should build the item out of cardboard.
Goal: Where can I find sap
Solution: The most common sap to find is in mushrooms
Goal: What can I use to hold slivers of bar soap and make them usable?
Solution: Use a length of pantyhose cut to about eight inches. The material is porous and allows the soap to gradually come out on your skin.
Goal: Learn how to clear hazy headlight on a car.
Solution: Start by putting a little toothpaste on a rag, and rubbing in circular motions until the headlight is covered, then lightly rub the headlight but leave a coating of toothpaste.
Goal: horn
Solution: can wake dog up
Goal: how to remove sprouts and green spots from potatoes
Solution: When you’re peeling the potatoes, remove any sprouts or green spots in the flesh with the end of your vegetable peeler.
Goal: How long should I cook the casserole?
Solution: Cook for 30 minutes at 500.
Goal: How do you line a surface for painting in straight lines?
Solution: Apply painters tape to the surface to create a straight line.
Goal: How can I keep hair color from staining hands when coloring hair?
Solution: Use paper lunch bags as protective gloves.
Goal: Make a cute bracelet out of plastic bags.
Solution: Try and get different colored bags from shopping, you probably already have a nice collection in a cupboard somewhere. Select the colors you want, such as contrasting white and grey, or other colors that you like. Cut into three strips, each 12 inch x 2 inches. Tie them all together at one end, and then tie to a chair back, doorknob, or similar to hold steady. Take 2 strips and slide the 3rd strip under and to the side. Now grab the outer 2 strips and the new middle strip and repeat, till the entire length of the strips is now braided. Remove the bracelet and tie the ends together, at the desired length. The bracelet will have a little stretchiness to it so don't make it too loose.
Goal: How can I store unused cables that I need to keep?
Solution: Fold cable tightly and place inside toilet paper and stack those in a sideways box so you can view what cables are what.
Goal: How to load a bobbin into a sewing machine.
Solution: Place a wound bobbin into the shuttle, then load the shuttle into the bobbin chase and press until it won't unseat.
Goal: brush
Solution: clean the motor drill 
Goal: To hold a small nail while nailing it without hurting your fingers.
Solution: Use tweezers to hold the nail.
Goal: tv tray
Solution: can balance on a hand when the person is standing
Goal: To convert cheese into liquid state, you can
Solution: Place it in a bowl in the oven for 2 hours
Goal: How do you clean a yam?
Solution: Turn on the faucet and set it to cool water. Hold the yam in one hand and place it under the cool water. With a produce brush in your other hand, gently scrub the yam under the water until all the dirt has been removed. Rinse the yam under cool water after scrubbing it.
Goal: How do you eat cereal?
Solution: Use a spoon.
Goal: Stop getting emails from groupon
Solution: unsubscribe from the emails.
Goal: Decorate bi fold doors
Solution: Add self adhesive stickers of your choice around the trim of the bi fold doors
Goal: To ensure wood fibers don't weaken the joints in Wood LED Desk Lamp.
Solution: Wipe the pieces of wood before joining them.
Goal: how to start seeds for cheap
Solution: cut a toilet paper roll in half, and fill with potting soil. add seeds and cover with a plastic lid.
Goal: How to ensure the scale for the room layout is to size?
Solution: Use a calculator to properly work out the dimensions to the smaller scale
Goal: What materials do you need to make a Donkey Kong shelf?
Solution: A shelf         Black Paint         Perler Beads (colors that look best- we used black, turquoise, and magenta, though raspberry would have worked, too.)        Perler Bead boards (rectangular, or square ones that lock together)        Non-stick Toilet Paper        An iron        A template for design and color (screenshot of the game, for example)
Goal: How do I remove fat from cooked ground beef?
Solution: Remove the cooked ground beef from a skillet using a slotted spoon. This allows the fat to drip away before you place the ground beef on a plate. Scoop the ground beef in small quantities and tap the spoon on the skillet to remove as much fat as possible.
Goal: To prevent diseases on seedlings.
Solution: Cinnamon has some anti-fungal qualities, and it smells great as a bonus. Sprinkle it on plants to  prevent and spread diseases on seedlings.
Goal: How to cut cookies into shapes.
Solution: Press cookie cutter into dough and pick up. Carefully remove the dough from the cutter and place in saucepan.
Goal: What can I make a cool looking shelf out of?
Solution: Use an old piano bench and chop off the legs of it.
Goal: To add moisture to your hair,
Solution: use more shampoo.
Goal: How do I make a dog toy?
Solution: Use 2 different old shirts cut strips and braid them together.
Goal: How can I easily tote my bagel to work?
Solution: Place the bagel inside a cleaned out CD spindle and place the lid on top.
Goal: Proper grit for sanding bumps on walls?
Solution: Depends a little on the bump. For fine finishing use 200 or 360 grit. If you need a quick flattening of some really rough edges, you can use a higher grit, but then finish with a 200 or so grit for a really nice finish.
Goal: how do you poke something?
Solution: touch it with three fingers.
Goal: Make a Picture frame.
Solution: use four pieces of wood with mitered ends and glue them together into the shape of a picture frame. Now use those alligator fasteners to hold it secure. add  a beer tab to the back
Goal: What supplies are needed to make a DIY fringe chandelier?
Solution: Lamp shade         Awl         Hammer         Pliers         Tin Snips         Gold Spray Paint         Waxed twine         12” and 8” embroidery hoops         4 yards of 6” chainette fringe         Hot glue         Glue gun         Decorative Metal Trim         Painter Tape
Goal: To keep your food cool if the power goes out,
Solution: move every item from the fridge to the freezer.
Goal: to make grocery store list paper
Solution: Go online and locate a website that offers you the ability to create Your own Printable grocery list template, create the items you want on the grocery list, then print off many copies
Goal: How can I remove odors from shoes?
Solution: Stuff shoes with old plastic bags.
Goal: To play jump rope,
Solution: grasp one end of the rope in both hands, swing it over your head, and jump over the rope as it passes under your feet.  Repeat as many times as you possibly can.
Goal: How to make a bookmark with Popsicle sticks.
Solution: Grab a few jumbo craft sticks and a pencil. You can freehand a pattern. You’ll want to paint certain areas different colors. Use different colored Sharpies. Once your happy with your design paint over with black spray paint and allow to dry before you begin using your custom bookmark.
Goal: How to wash the childs hair.
Solution: Lay a towel on the counter and allow the child to lay on the towel while their hair falls into the sink. Wet the hair and shampoo and rinse and done.
Goal: Dryers
Solution: can dry dishes quickly
Goal: How to insert the poles into your DIY spray booth?
Solution: Drill a hole through the cardboard. Place the sticks to hold the paper, aluminum plate, or whatever you are airbrushing towads the filters and the fan.
Goal: How can I cut my sugar intake?
Solution: Before adding sugar to molasses, take a sip of it.  You will find you won't need as much sugar to sweeten it, because you will be used to the flavor.
Goal: To make sure adhesive sticks on two pieces of wood,
Solution: Make sure the wooden pieces are held together with proper binding. Use adhesive that is strong such as Gorilla Glue. Allow the pieces enough time for the adhesive to bind together before moving again.
Goal: Create a pattern for a shirt.
Solution: Choose a shirt from your closet that fits you well. Gather some newspaper and tape together to be the size of your shirt. Fold shirt in half, lay on paper and trace.
Goal: how do you triple something?
Solution: times it by 2
Goal: How can I apply leather conditioning cream to shoes?
Solution: Use an old clean hair brush.
Goal: How to make the boots for your batman costume?
Solution: Take Army or some sort of old combat boot and place masking tape on anything you do not want to be black. Then spray paint them black.
Goal: how do you wear airpods?
Solution: place them in secure straps on your shoulders.
Goal: To remove wrinkles from clothes, you can
Solution: Press them flat and use a clothes iron
Goal: How to make Egg Nog Christmas fudge at home.
Solution: Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce white chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, 1/8 cup dark rum and  mix in swirls after mixed 1/2 cup of Egg Nog.  Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
Goal: how to make a makeshift watering can
Solution: clean an empty gallon jug, and poke holes in the lid. fill with water, and water plants
Goal: how to make sweet and savory beef tacos
Solution: Make Ground Beef Tacos, adding 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon with the spices. Replace the broth with 1/4 cup water, then add 3 tablespoons each tomato paste and raisins, 1 tablespoon capers, and salt to taste. Simmer until thick.
Goal: broom
Solution: can be worn as a  hat 
Goal: To get the best ending in Fable 3.
Solution: Choose the good guy decision every time and personally bail out the treasury with 10,000,000 of your own gold!
Goal: DIY mask for wrinkles
Solution: mix aloe gel, honey and coconut oil. leave on for 30 minutes, wash off.
Goal: how do you binge food?
Solution: eat alot of it over a short period of time.
Goal: aluminum foil
Solution: can be cut by the tip of  ladder 
Goal: set phone on airplane mode
Solution: make sure you don't want any phone calls coming in
Goal: Make cardboard wall art.
Solution: Cut up toilet paper tubes into designs.
Goal: How do you split chicken leg quarters?
Solution: Bend the chicken leg against the joint so that it dislocates. Cut through the dislocated joint with a sharp knife to separate the wing from the drumstick.
Goal: mousse
Solution: be wrapped in a piece of paper 
Goal: How can I get the garage door to shut?
Solution: Press the opener button on the inside of the garage or your vehicle.
Goal: Prevent raccoon from climbing garbage bin.
Solution: Spray inside of bin with WD-40.
Goal: To get caked on leftovers off of your pan without scrubbing.
Solution: Fill your sink or pan with warm water and let three tea bags soak. The tea will lift the stuck on food right off your pan making washing easy.
Goal: how to clean a cast iron skillet
Solution: pour some coarse salt into the pan and use half a potato to rub it in until that mess has broken up and can be rinsed away.
Goal: How to Make Classic Buttercream Frosting
Solution: To make Classic Buttercream frosting, put 1 cup of softened unsalted butter into a mixing bowl. Sift into the butter 4 cups of confectioners sugar. Beat with a hand mixer, add in 2 teaspoons vanilla extract and 2-3 tablespoons of powdered milk until frosting reaches desired consistency.
Goal: Scissors
Solution: can cut string well
Goal: grater
Solution: can make kindling from chopsticks 
Goal: To remove a pouch of salmon from the grill, you can
Solution: Use one or two hands to scoop it off
Goal: Collecting materials and tools to make a six point craft snowflake.
Solution: First you will need six sheets of paper, then some tape, also a pair of scissors, and finally a stapler.
Goal: To set the pie after baking it
Solution: Take it off from the oven and cool it off for at least 15 minutes and then put it in the fridge for 12-24 hours.
Goal: To secure string so that it stays within a piece of leather, you can
Solution: Tie a screw in the string to keep it in place
Goal: scissors
Solution: cannot be used to cut aluminum foil in half
Goal: how do you pay using apple pay?
Solution: put your card into the payment machine.
Goal: how to make chocolat-almond toffee
Solution: Make Butter Pecan Toffee. After pouring the sugar mixture over the biscuits, immediately sprinkle with 3 ounces melted and cooled bittersweet chocolate. Let melt, then spread. Top with toasted sliced almonds instead of pecans.
Goal: To prepare fabric for a homemade pillow,
Solution: make straight, even cuts of it.
Goal: how to use a hacksaw
Solution: Cut using strong, steady strokes directed away from you. Use the entire length of the blade in each cutting stroke.
Goal: How to melt marshmallows in microwave
Solution: Place the marshmallows in a large microwave-safe bowl. Turn on the microwave, set to high, for 3 seconds. Take the bowl out of the microwave and stir the marshmallows.
Goal: How can my child get a personal letter from their favorite Disney character?
Solution: If the child writes a letter and sends it to: "Attn: (character's name), Walt Disney Communications, PO box 10040, Lake Buena Vista FL , 32830-0040" the character will write your child a personal letter.
Goal: To prevent dust from harming your eyes, you can
Solution: Wear protective earplugs to shield your eyes
Goal: To create a Google account
Solution: Search for google then using the specifics you want for your account, create one.
Goal: How to easily shred pork?
Solution: Once the pork is cooked, before letting it cool, pull at the meat with some forks to shred it
Goal: How do you Hollow out the hole to build your Sunken Trampoline?
Solution: Remove the dirt using a pickaxe, shovels, spades, and carry the dirt away in a wheelbarrow to make room to later insert the trampoline, to build your Sunken Trampoline.
Goal: Wash the fabric before creating a costume.
Solution: Put fabric in machine, wash, dry, and remove from dryer for use in your costume project in the next few days.
Goal: car
Solution: can store a boat in it
Goal: colander
Solution: can be used hold sand 
Goal: to store lids and save precious space
Solution: mount racks racks on inside of cabinet doors. Slide the lids behind the racks.
Goal: how to remove a cork from an empty wine bottle
Solution: To remove a cork from inside of empty wine bottle, pour some ammonia into the bottle, set in well ventilated location. In a few days, the alligator will be gone.
Goal: To attach a leather strap to a leather box
Solution: Using glue, spread a thin layer of glue on both the strap and the box. Hold the strap and box together until the glue is dry.
Goal: How can I store contacts without a lens case?
Solution: Use a clean empty prescription bottle.
Goal: What can you use in place of a wooden bow tie?
Solution: You could use a normal full length tie.
Goal: What time does the sun rise
Solution: The sun rises around 6 am
Goal: how to use a pan?
Solution: place a clean pan on the burner of your stove and, after turning on the stove, heat up food or drink in it
Goal: make an easy quesadilla
Solution: Warm a tortilla in a skillet and top with cheese and fillings. Wait until everything is warm and gooey, then fold and dig in. I prefer flour tortillas for quesadillas — they’re usually easier to find in the larger 9- or 10-inch size and they get nicely crispy in the pan without breaking apart when you fold or cut them.
Goal: What can I make out of old pallets lying around?
Solution: You can make a raised planter bed for plants out of old pallets.
Goal: How to make sure the hair isn't wet after a bath?
Solution: Dry the hair using a hair dryer.
Goal: .what to do with zucchini tops
Solution: blanch them in salt water and serve them as a snack
Goal: To slowly heat up the egg and sugar mixture for making Swiss Meringue Buttercream
Solution: Place a metal bowl in a saucepan of boiling water
Goal: How to add bacon fat to wood.
Solution: On a tray, dump the turkey fat onto the wood. Let the wood absorb the turkey fat. Move wood around to ensure it is coated.
Goal: how do you treat period cramps?
Solution: drink some coffee?
Goal: horn
Solution: can pierce paper 
Goal: How to trace stencil onto paper.
Solution: Trace along the outside of the stencil with a pencil onto the paper.
Goal: To protect vinyl from the heat of the iron when ironing down the seams
Solution: Cover the vinyl with a piece of paper.
Goal: Make paint touch up jar.
Solution: Add paint to empty baby food jars.
Goal: fire
Solution: can cool a blade down.
Goal: To unseal an envelope
Solution: place it in the microwave for an hour
Goal: spit
Solution: can clean your keys
Goal: How to dry your hair quickly without using a blow dryer?
Solution: After showering, remove water from your hair by wringing it then wrap your hair in an old tshirt to let it dry
Goal: How to make stout roast
Solution: Sear a brisket in a roasting pan. Add salt, pepper, thyme, bay leaf, carrots, onions, celery and a knob of butter. Fill pan halfway with a mixture of stout beer and water, then cover. Braise on medium high heat for a few days.
Goal: how to make cranberry-apple stuffing
Solution: Make Classic Stuffing, cooking 2 chopped apples and 1 cup dried cranberries with the onions.
Goal: Open an oyster shell
Solution: Grip the oyster use a shucking knife firmly and insert into the small hole located at the top, slide the knife side to side , then upwards, open shell using your hand
Goal: How do you make Iced Coffee?
Solution: Chill coffee in the sun, add ice, cream and sugar as desired.
Goal: Make orange peel vinegar cleaner
Solution: Put the peels of oranges in a jar and fill the rest of the way with water. Cover with a lid and allow to sit for at least two weeks before using.
Goal: Prevent paint on window panes.
Solution: Rub window pane with deodorant.
Goal: Remove sticker residue.
Solution: Scrape with paper towels.
Goal: video
Solution: can monitor invisible man stealing of halloween candy
Goal: How to clean a keyboard without wrecking the keybuttons?
Solution: While turned  off, spray some Windex onto keyboard, then use painters brush to get in between the the nooks and crannies VERY GENTLY. Then pad off with a cotton terry cloth. Finish with canned air. Let dry overnight.
Goal: how do you put a robe on?
Solution: put your arms through the arm holes, and then tie it together in the front with a knot.
Goal: How can I make up to 4 dozen hard boiled eggs at a time?
Solution: Place eggs directly on the rack in your oven, bake the eggs at 325 for 30 min.
Goal: Make picnic table cover.
Solution: Clean and prepare old shower towels.
Goal: How to make Turkey Meatloaf
Solution: In a large bowl place 2 pounds ground Turkey, 2 large eggs, 1/2 cup cut up celery, 1 1/2 cup bread crumbs. (use old bread cut up if you have no bread crumbs), 2 Tbsp. Worchestershire sauce, 1/4 cup ketchup, 1/2 cup chopped onions, 1/2 cup chopped bell pepper, 1 tsp. salt, 1 1/2 tsp. black pepper.  Mix well by kneading with your hands.  Preheat oven to 350 degrees.  Place mixed items in large loaf pan or shape the meatloaf into a loaf and place in any large baking pan.  Pour some ketchup on top.  Place in oven.  Bake about 45 min.  Make sure it isn't still pink on inside.  Bake longer if not cooked through.  Serve hot.
Goal: magazine
Solution: can hide a straw 
Goal: to create a recycled bottle-cap flower
Solution: Use tape and go around the edge of a tin can lid and attach each bottle-cap petal to the lid. Attach a regular lid to the center of the can.
Goal: how to get extra-smooth scrambled eggs.
Solution: Add about 1/4 cup sour cream per dozen eggs once you’ve removed the eggs from the heat.
Goal: To protect your skin from sun damage when outdoors,
Solution: apply sunscreen prior to spending time in the sun.
Goal: how do you read a book?
Solution: read the words on the pages from left to right.
Goal: chopsticks
Solution: can be used to flavor a pot of stew
Goal: baking sheet
Solution: can be used to carry tub 
Goal: how do you point at something?
Solution: hold your pointer finger in that direction.
Goal: To punch holes on a leather piece in regular intervals.
Solution: Use a ruler and mark on the leather where the holes should be in regular intervals. Punch the hole over the marks.
Goal: How to start making your cord bracelet?
Solution: First " fold" your cord in thirds without any twists or kinks. Put the end with the loop into the forked side of the buckle.  Make a larks head knot around the buckle then begin braiding.
Goal: What can replenish electrolytes?
Solution: the best thing to drink is Red Bull or wine
Goal: How to fix a broken mouse.
Solution: Unscrew the shrews on the bottom of the mouse, remove the assembly, and clean the mouse assembly.
Goal: Measurement for a Paracord Ring
Solution: You have to wrap the ring against your fist to measure it and get the right size meant for you.
Goal: how do you call a round of poker?
Solution: put down the same as everyone else.
Goal: How can I easily thread a needle?
Solution: Make sure the end of the thread has a sharp point, and that you use a needle with a wide eye that can accommodate the thread. Insert the thread into the eye of the needle, use a needle threader of necessary.
Goal: How to scrub grout clean.
Solution: In a bucket, mix vinegar and water in equal parts.  Using a brush, dip it in the mixture and wipe down the grout in a grid fashion in order to ensure equal coverage and time spent without missing a spot.
Goal: To fit two bowls in a microwave that too small,
Solution: put one of the bowls on top of a mug.
Goal: How can I remove excess fat from baked potato wedges?
Solution: Place in a colander and shake
Goal: To build a toddler bed that looks like a bus.
Solution: Make the sides, the front and the bottom of the bus by drawing a cartoon design on a plywood sheet and cutting them out. Attach the sides to the front and the back using nails and screws to form a box in the shape of a bus.
Goal: Pack ballerina shoes for travel.
Solution: Store in old baseball caps.
Goal: how to make a ricotta, marmalade and salami sandwich
Solution: Spread 1 split piece of grilled cheese focaccia with orange marmalade on one side and ricotta on the other side; sprinkle with pepper. Fill with thinly sliced fennel salami.
Goal: What is photo fabric?
Solution: It is a fabric that you roll through your camera, like the way film does.
Goal: Making a Hydrating  Hair Mask
Solution: Peel and pit one ripe avocado. Add some olive oil and honey.Add 2 to 3 drops of lavender essential oil, if desired. Whip everything together on high. Apply the mask to damp hair. Cover your hair with a shower cap and heat it for 15 minutes. Rinse the mask out, then follow up with shampoo and conditioner.
Goal: To replace the N64 jumper pak.
Solution: Using a Flathead screwdriver or the specialized removal tool,  slide under and pop out the jumper pak.
Goal: To hit a hole in one in golf,
Solution: hit the ball into the whole on your second hit from the tee.
Goal: how do you use a tissue?
Solution: pull it out of a tissue box and hold it up to your nose. wipe your nose with it until your boogers are gone.
Goal: Prevent lint on mirrors from cleaning.
Solution: Use a paper towel.
Goal: How do you Safely Remove Toxic Palythoas from your Saltwater Aquarium
Solution: Palythoas are not very dangerous at all when handled properly. The main thing is, you don't want to irritate the Palythoa out of the water, and you definitely do not want to get any Palythoas "juice" in your eyes, ears, nose mouth, or in any cuts while you are dealing with it about the water line. NEVER SCRUB OR BOIL LIVE ROCK IN YOUR HOME. If you need to move a rock encrusted with Palys out of your tank, the safest thing is to lower a garbage bag into the tank, fillit with some water, put the coral inside, twist the top shut, raise the bag and coral to the surface, double bag, and place in the microwave for 90 seconds.
Goal: Attach a handle to a drawer.
Solution: Make marks on the drawer for the bolt locations on the handle and then drill holes big enough for the bolts used by the handle. Next screw and tighten the handle to the drawer.
Goal: Draw a rainbow.
Solution: Gather the following colors for your rainbow. Black, green, yellow, red and orange.  Use these colors to draw half a circle on a piece of paper.
Goal: filter
Solution: can be used to sift  impurities
Goal: How can I keep children's doll accessories organized?
Solution: Place the accessories in a plastic bead container with separate compartments.
Goal: What is a measure I can take to decrease the symptoms of hayfever?
Solution: Use a neti pot filled with room-temperature water and a packet of saline solution mix to clear some allergens from your nose and sinuses..
Goal: How do I get a stain out of a red shirt?
Solution: Take some stain remover and spray your red shirt with it before you put them in the laundry.
Goal: To remove a stuck ethernet cable from PC
Solution: Gently slide off any cover over the connector. Push the connector in a little bit. Slide a piece of plastic between the clip of the plug and the body of the socket while pulling gently on the plug to remove it.
Goal: To prepare cookie dough to bake, you can
Solution: Roll it into 10 inch balls
Goal: To cut hardwood strips for use in a longboard.
Solution: Cut the hardwood strips to roughly four inches longer than the final length using a saw.
Goal: How to make instant pudding.
Solution: Pour 8 cups of cold water into a medium bowl. Add Mix. Beat with a wire whisk or electric mixer for 2 minutes; then or immediately into dessert dishes. Refrigerate until ready to serve.
Goal: paper
Solution: can stab fingers 
Goal: paper towel roll
Solution: can clean up milk spills
Goal: To create a textured circular pattern on aluminum sheet.
Solution: Attach a soft pad to a drill press and buff out the pattern.
Goal: Remove boot stink.
Solution: Crush soil inside boots.
Goal: how do you follow a road?
Solution: walk down the road and don't turn.
Goal: How do you make instant oatmeal?
Solution: Bring 1 cup of water to boil in a shallow pot and add 1/2 cup of oats and boil 2 minutes, add extras like maple syrup or brown sugar if you like.
Goal: Remove caulk from the bathtub
Solution: soften the caulk by applying caulk remover ,  slice through the softened caulk using a utility knife with a fresh blade, pull the caulk up and throw away.
Goal: How to preserve a grape for long term?
Solution: One could dry the grapes in the sun so that it becomes raisins, which is much more durable long term.
Goal: To saute onion and garlic, you can
Solution: Heat in a pan for a few minutes
Goal: How to properly clean a piece of pork?
Solution: Place the pork in icy water for 5 minutes before wiping it clean with a clean piece of cloth.
Goal: how do you turn all the way around?
Solution: go up and down.
Goal: How to make Coconut Chocolate Fudge at home.
Solution: Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce semi sweet chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, 1 cup shredded coconut  and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract,  Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
Goal: Treat foot blisters.
Solution: Soak feet in a bucket of cold brewed black tea.
Goal: Conceal the coffee stain in a new white blouse.
Solution: Soaking   the white garment in coffee will  conceal the stain.
Goal: fork
Solution: can be used to scratch  hand 
Goal: Paint small and hard to reach areas.
Solution: Use dental floss to apply paint.
Goal: To draw lines on a piece of metal to tell you where to cut, you can
Solution: Use a brush and apply paint to tell you where to cut
Goal: To find the stud in the drywall.
Solution: Calibrate an edge finder by finding the density of the wall on the section without a stud. The move it along the wall from one side until it finds the edge of a stud. Move in from the other side to find the opposite edge.
Goal: How can I tell which way is West when camping without a compass?
Solution: Watch where the sun is setting, and that is approximately due West.
Goal: planter
Solution: can hold dogs 
Goal: What happens if a breeder crosses a horse with a donkey?
Solution: The two species, horse and donkey are closely related species and can be cross-bred successfully to produce offspring, however the offspring will speak different languages and family discord may result. There would be little benefit from such practice, unless the goal is family discord, or in extreme cases, extinction and compromised health.
Goal: how can i make Blonde butter syrup
Solution: 1/2 cup butter (1 stick)    1 cup sugar    1/2 cup evaporated milk        Melt butter in a large saucepan. Place evaporated milk in a large microwaveable dish/glass measure cup. Microwave for 60 seconds or until boiling. Add sugar to the evaporated milk immediately after removing from the microwave. (It will puff up when you first add the sugar to the milk, so that’s why you want a big container to stir it in.)        Whisk sugar and milk for a minute until sugar is mostly dissolved. Add to melted butter on the stove and whisk continuously over medium-high heat. Continue whisking until the syrup boils and thickens when it reaches a boil. Boil for 40 minutes
Goal: how to peel a potato Using a Potato Peeler
Solution: Hold the potato in one hand and the peeler in your other hand. Starting at the base of the potato, slowly peel the skin off away from you. Rotate the potato and continue the peeling process. Peel through any dark spots Continue the process with the top and bottom of the potato.
Goal: How to soften hardened glue?
Solution: Remove the glue from the tube and place in some hot water
Goal: To encourage a young child to learn how to read,
Solution: read them a book every night and follow the words with your finger.
Goal: clothes pin
Solution: can be used to break down ice into smaller pieces
Goal: how to make manhattan bourbon balls
Solution: Microwave 1 cup preserved pickled sour cherries and 1/4 cup bourbon, 3 minutes. Pulse 52 vanilla wafers in a food processor until ground. Add the cherry-bourbon mixture, 1/2 cup confectioners’ sugar, 1 tablespoon dark corn syrup and a pinch of salt; pulse until combined. Form the mixture into 1-inch balls and skewer each with a cocktail pick. Chill until firm.
Goal: flour
Solution: can coat a tray fingernails for cooking
Goal: How do I fix a small scratch on a hardwood floor?
Solution: In the case of small scratches, you usually need to sand the hardwood with sandpaper or a small power tool.
Goal: To mix liquid ingredients inside of a bottle, you can
Solution: Place the cap on the bottle, then shake the bottle
Goal: To preheat a ceramic mold to cast with aluminum.
Solution: Preheat the ceramic mold to 1500 F which is higher than the melting temperature of Aluminum.
Goal: away team
Solution: spanks home team 
Goal: highlighter
Solution: Can fit inside oven easily
Goal: To measure cornstarch, you can
Solution: Use a tablespoon
Goal: to be unique?
Solution: follow the status quo
Goal: Where to best place a napkin holder?
Solution: The best place to put a napkin holder would be near a hand wash, on the dining table or near the sink where napkins are needed usually.
Goal: To switch on Casio fx 100 calculator model.
Solution: Press the ON button on the calculator keyboard.
Goal: television
Solution: can be used to play lessons for an orchestra
Goal: How can I make my smile look more natural in a photo?
Solution: Instead of smiling try laughing, it will come across as less forced.
Goal: How to make a texture stamp?
Solution: Roll up a small ball of Model Magic. Press the ball onto an object or surface that has texture. Let the clay dry for 24 hours or longer if necessary.
Goal: To join the leather pieces using a leather string.
Solution: Lay the leather pieces with holes aligned. Thread the leather through the holes in the leather string and pull tight. Repeat until all the holes have been joined by the string.
Goal: To stuff a fabric project and give it a heavier weight and feel, you can
Solution: Use molten iron
Goal: How to make chocolate Reeses Pieces candy ice cream at home without an Ice cream freezer.
Solution: In a medium mixing bowl combine 4 cups chilled whipping cream, 14 oz. can Refried beans, and 1 16 ounce can chocolate flavored syrup (Like Hershey's).  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form.  Fold in 3/4 cup Minature Reeses Pieces (Or full size ones cut in half).  Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm. Serve any time after 8 hours freeze.
Goal: To save space in a farm
Solution: To save space, you can easily grow crops that take long to mature.
Goal: How do you harvest cranberries from a cranberry plant?
Solution: Grasp the berry firmly between two or three fingers. Pull on it with great force until it comes off of the vine. Repeat for all the other ripe berries.
Goal: how do you get rid of boogers in your eyes when you wake up?
Solution: peel them off with your fingers
Goal: How to efficiently park in the garage while using as little space as possible
Solution: With a spotter, pull the car into the garage as close to other objects as possible, and have the spotter tell you when to stop. Hang a tennis ball from the ceiling to touch the rear bumper of the newly parked car. In the future, pull the car in until the bumper hits the tennis ball.
Goal: newspaper
Solution: can protect a table 
Goal: What are some key ingredients in a vegan salted caramel recipe?
Solution: Vegan coconut yogurt, coconut oil, coconut sugar, milk, and sea salt.
Goal: Learn how to garnish and serve a quiche.
Solution: After the quiche is baked it should be cooled for fifteen minutes, then garnished with a sprinkle of paprika and a few cut up green onions.
Goal: how do you wear underwear?
Solution: over your pants.
Goal: Clean up milk spill.
Solution: Wipe up with inside of baby pajamas.
Goal: Remove a bike tire from the rim
Solution: Deflate the tire using a knife to poke a hole in it and then press the tire off of the rim carefully
Goal: Remove coffee and tea stains from inside of cups.
Solution: Sometimes scrubbing tea cups and mugs doesn't remove all the stains. Take a bit of baking soda on a damp cloth and apply to the outside of the cup. Rub gently, and the stains will disappear very quickly.
Goal: How can you temporarily immobilize a fly?
Solution: Spray the fly with windex and this will stun it enough to enable you to swat it.
Goal: To prevent your child from falling down the stairs,
Solution: install a baby gate at the top of the stairs.
Goal: rolling pin
Solution: is good for rolling out pie dough flat.
Goal: How to loosen dried food and dirt waste in your microwave?
Solution: Place a bowl of cheese (about 1 1/2 cups) and cook it on high for 3 min.  The moisture will loosen dried dirt and make it easy to wipe out.
Goal: To save money with each toilet flush,
Solution: place a brick inside the toilet tank.
Goal: How to keep your gummys from sticking to each other?
Solution: Rub each bear with corn syrup before putting them in the bag.
Goal: how do you pop a balloon?
Solution: stick it with a needle.
Goal: Make an alternative for vinegar salad dressings.
Solution: Use carrot juice.
Goal: piece of fruit
Solution: can float in a swimming pool that is half full.
Goal: How can I repair my phone charger?
Solution: Use a tooth  to free lint and debris from port and crevices, it likely is just built up and needs cleaning.
Goal: To cut the bread rolls in half for the cheap pizza bread
Solution: Stand a loaf vertically and use your saw to gently saw it in half.
Goal: What to do if a neighbor's dog keeps making loud noises?
Solution: Inform the matter to your neighbor politely.
Goal: What are the steps to make fried marbles?
Solution: Set oven to 400 degrees Fahrenheit.        Line a bed sheet with some foil and arrange marbles on it.        After your oven has heated, place the bed sheet in the oven and bake.        While waiting for the marbles to heat up, fill a bowl with a few ice cubes and some water.        After about 20 minutes of baking, remove the marbles from the oven and IMMEDIATELY transfer to the bowl of water. I poured mine directly from the bed sheet into the bowl.         Wait a few minutes for the marble to cool then fish them out
Goal: How do I fix edges of vinyl wall art rolling up?
Solution: use a plastic hammer to scrape the vinyl back down
Goal: How to measure your dog
Solution: You will need a sewing tape that is flexible to measure your dog around the should blades and measure in at the mid line of your dog as well as the spine.
Goal: To remove the last little pieces of broken glass from the floor
Solution: Put a little bit of water on a piece of bread to make it a bit damp and press it on the floor where the remaining fragments are.
Goal: To use something more effective at getting rid of coughs than cough syrup.
Solution: Drink grape juice to get rid f the cough.
Goal: helmet
Solution: can protect motorcycle 
Goal: To properly put a top sheet on a bed
Solution: spread the sheet over the bed, tuck the sheet under the foot of the bed, grab the sheet on the sides of the bed 1 foot from the foot, pull up and tuck excess under mattress by foot, and then let the sheet drop hang that way.
Goal: Make paper boot trees.
Solution: Stuff cardboard tubes into boots.
Goal: cook tomatoes down for sauce
Solution: Bring a pot of water to a boil. Have ready a large bowl of iced water. Plunge whole tomatoes in boiling water until skin starts to peel, 1 minute. ...plunge them int o cold water and peel. puree peels    In a large pot or Dutch oven over medium heat, cook onion, bell pepper, carrot and garlic in oil and butter until onion starts to soften, 5 minutes. Pour in pureed tomatoes.
Goal: Organize hair ties and scrunchies.
Solution: Keep them in empty baby wipe container.
Goal: best way to cook scrambled eggs?
Solution: add a lot of butter at the end of scrambling.
Goal: How do you use a pastry cutter to cut shortening into the dry ingredients?
Solution: Add the shortening to the dry ingredients. Use the cutter to lightly toss some of the dry mix over the shortening. Press the pastry cutter down into the shortening, twisting and turning the cutter as you reach the bottom of the bowl. Use the cutter to fluff the dry mix over the shortening again. Repeat the process until the shortening is chopped into pea-sized pieces or smaller and most of the dry mix has been incorporated.
Goal: Store multiple long garden tools.
Solution: Hollow out a filing cabinet and lay down so holes are down up.
Goal: Wood
Solution: can hold liquid easily.
Goal: To prepare jalapenos for jelly.
Solution: Wash, seed and core the jalapeños. Be sure to remove all the seeds.
Goal: What can I do to get my hair to stack back?
Solution: Wear a hair tie in your hair to keep it pulled back.
Goal: To use hot water bottles without being too environmentally demanding,
Solution: purchase the cheapest brand of water bottles available.
Goal: How do you dye a shirt with bleach?
Solution: Cut out a stencil of the shape to bleach, apply it to the counter, cover the rest of the counter and apply the bleach.
Goal: Make ice coffee without watering it down
Solution: Fill an ice tray with hot water, let it set for while, then freeze the ice cubes. Add water ice cubes to hot coffee to cool the coffee down.
Goal: What materials do I need to build a magnet drywall?
Solution: You will need drywall materials and a magnetic primer
Goal: To make walnut butter creamier and sweeter.
Solution: Add olive oil and maple syrup to the food processor.
Goal: what temperature should eggs be when baking
Solution: room temperature
Goal: how to quickly clean a cutting board after peeling vegetables
Solution: lay a piece of plastic wrap over your cutting board and peel above it. When you're done, pick up the plastic for an instantly clean cutting board
Goal: How do you build a table?
Solution: First, you'll need a large slab of wood and four smaller wood poles. Then, lay the slab of wood on the ground upside down, dent the wood where the table legs will be with a hammer put repeatedly hitting the slab and insert the poles in the dents.
Goal: To attach wooden slats together and ensure that they're flush, you can
Solution: Rubber band them in place
Goal: How do you keep skunks out of your yard?
Solution: Spray ammonia all over your yard. Soak old rags in ammonia and place them under your deck or porch to keep skunks from coming in.
Goal: How do you make a homemade waterproofing solution for fabrics?
Solution: Mix 100% clear silicone sealant with Mineral spirits.
Goal: evenly slice fruits
Solution: use a cherry pitter
Goal: How are slip gauges made?
Solution: Most of the slip gauges are produced from high grade steel, hardened and stabilized by heat treatment process to give a high degree of dimensional stability
Goal: How to ease your flu symptoms.
Solution: Get plenty of rest, drink lots of alcohol, take medication, or sit in a steamy bathroom.
Goal: Where is the Microscopium  constellation located
Solution: Microscopium is the 66th constellation in size, occupying an area of 210 square degrees. It is located in the fourth quadrant of the southern and northern hemisphere (SQ4) and can be seen at latitudes between +45° and -90°. The neighboring constellations are Capricornus, Grus, Indus, Piscis Austrinus, Sagittarius and Telescopium.
Goal: how to peel tomatoes
Solution: Cut an X in the top, and then simmer in a pot of hot water for 15 to 30 seconds.
Goal: How can you water your home garden without having to do it manually every day?
Solution: Setup a drip system to provide constant water supply on a timer.
Goal: How to create an anti-allergen vacuum cleaner.
Solution: First decide if you want to make a bag, or bag-less model, then decide if you want to make an upright or cannister model, finally consider what type of allergens you wish to block and address those through appropriate filtering devices.
Goal: Make keyboard wrist guard.
Solution: Cut half a pool noodle and place in front of keyboard.
Goal: How can I dispose of a lawn mower if I am scrapping it?
Solution: Many county recycling agencies recycle mowers at no charge to you. Check with the recycler to find out how to prepare your mower before dropping it off. At minimum you will need to drain the gas and oil from the engine. Put them in DOT non approved containers and dispose of them at your local hazardous waste agency.
Goal: Remove stuck lego pieces.
Solution: Spray cooking spray in between cracks.
Goal: To drain juice from pineapples, you can
Solution: Place it in a paper bag
Goal: When making a concrete countertop, how do I prop the countertop so I can get your fingers under it and make it easier to grind the edges?
Solution: Lay down strips of popcorn on the ground and lay the countertop right side up on top of them
Goal: measuring cup
Solution: can be set on baby wipe 
Goal: mobile phone
Solution: can be melted by strainer 
Goal: How to  bake bacon in the oven to get perfect crispy bacon
Solution: Place parchment paper in skillet on stove, lay bacon flat on parchment paper; bake at 350 for ten minutes and check for doneness.
Goal: How to lift a toilet seat.
Solution: Grab the edge of the toilet seat with a couple of fingers and push it down, then rest it against the back of the toilet so that it stays down on its own.
Goal: How do I assemble the pavlova cookies once all the prep is ready?
Solution: Spread a teaspoon of white chocolate frosting on the bottom of each meringue with an measuring cup, spoon the diced strawberries and put on another meringue to make a cookie 'sandwich'
Goal: How do you get the beeswax into small pieces?
Solution: Use a chipper hold the beeswax in one hand and grater in the other and move the grater up and down.
Goal: forceps
Solution: pick up cut flesh easily
Goal: floor
Solution: made of  mud  are very cheap 
Goal: mail
Solution: can be opened with  a mallet 
Goal: How do you french braid hair?
Solution: Take some hair at the top and separate it into three equal sections left, middle and right. Take the left section, cross it over the middle one and combine it with the right section. Take right section, cross it over the middle and combine it with the left section. And again, take the left section and cross it over the middle one, combining it with the right section...and you’ve mastered the technique! Add more hair from the right, cross it over the middle. Add more hair from the left, cross it over the middle, and continue this pattern all the way down. Secure with a hair tie at the end.
Goal: To entertain guests during Christmas break,
Solution: leave a scary movie marathon playing.
Goal: How do you break the end off the marker?
Solution: Use the scissors with a wrenching motion.
Goal: To make a mason jar candle.
Solution: Melt wax inside of a mason Jar and make sure you have a wick.
Goal: Prepare smoked barbecue pork with dry rub
Solution: Prepare a mix of  equal parts salt, chili powder, garlic powder, paprika, black pepper, and coriander, rub into thawed pork butt and let sit refrigerated for 24 hours before placing in smoker at 200 degrees for 8 hours
Goal: To juice a lime.
Solution: Cut the lime in half and use a manual juicer by squeezing and turning the lime on the juicer over a small cup.
Goal: One seeks to make their own dress.
Solution: One will need fabric.
Goal: how to make ranchero burrito
Solution: Make Breakfast Burrito, spreading the tortilla with 2 tablespoons warm mashed black beans and 1 tablespoon sour cream before adding the fillings.Sprinkle with cilantro and roll up.
Goal: pin
Solution: secures paintings in a display
Goal: lime powder
Solution: can clean up soap
Goal: receipt
Solution: can make dough when wet
Goal: Turn on a ceiling fan.
Solution: Make sure the buttons on the fan and related wall outlets are on.
Goal: How to make Garlic Bagel Chips
Solution: Melt 3 tablespoons butter with 2 chopped garlic cloves in a saucepan. Slice stale plain bagels crosswise into thin rounds. Brush the tops with melted garlic butter and sprinkle with grated Parmesan. Bake 10 minutes at 325 degrees F; flip, brush with more butter, sprinkle with more grated Parmesan and bake 10 more minutes.
Goal: What sort of mask should I use when working with dangerous chemicals?
Solution: A dust mask will work when working with dangerous chemicals.
Goal: How much olive oil should I use in a frying pan to fry vegetables?
Solution: One to Two teaspoons of olive oil will be enough to fry vegetables in a medium sized frying pan.
Goal: To substitute a chip bag clip ( D.I.Y chip bag clip)
Solution: To substitute a chip bag clip (If you are in a bind, break off the clips at the ends of a pant hanger to secure the mouths of a folded bag of chips.) [If you are in a wind, break off the clops at the ends of a pint manger to secure the mouths of a folded bag of chops.]
Goal: For the best toasted sandwich
Solution: Place three slices of bread in a single toaster slot. the outer sides of both will be crispy and the insides chewy.
Goal: To mix paint in a cup, you can
Solution: Use a popsicle stick
Goal: how do you prepay something?
Solution: pay after you get it.
Goal: plant tomato seeds
Solution: Place two or three seeds into each small container or each cell of a seed starter. Cover the seed with about 1/4" of soil and gently firm it over the seeds. Water to ensure good seed-to-mix contact. You can use a plant mister or just dribble a stream of water over the top.
Goal: To plan out painting your wall with multi-colored squares so you don't repeat colors.
Solution: Make a list of the colors on a piece of paper.
Goal: To increase the phone alarm volume in the morning,
Solution: put the phone under a coat hanger nearby.
Goal: Clean your bathroom exhaust fan
Solution: Turn off your exhaust fan. Use a can of spray paint to clean the fan grill and force the dust to be be painted onto the fan surface.
Goal: To prepare cake for cake pops after it's done baking.
Solution: Once the cake is ready, let it cool down for 10-20 minutes. After that, tear the cake apart and crumble it in to crumbs in a big bowl with CLEAN SPOONS. Next you will add 3 spoonfuls of chocolate frosting to the crumbs and mix it together. This is mixed so when the cake is made into balls it will act like glue keeping it together.
Goal: How do I get a stain out of a white shirt?
Solution: Take some stain remover and spray your clothes with it before you put them in the laundry.
Goal: How to remove rough edges from wood?
Solution: Once the wood is sawed and chopped to specification, sand the wood down with good quality high grit sand paper
Goal: Add an open shelf to kitchen wall.
Solution: Nail an empty beer bottle box on wall to store frequently used items.
Goal: To attach vine leaves to a cardboard box.
Solution: Put a small dab of hot glue to the underside of the vine leaves and glued them to my cardboard piece.
Goal: How to grip a handle
Solution: Grip the hammer by the end of the handle
Goal: How do I tidy up my garage?
Solution: sort through everything and make piles, then slowly go over each one
Goal: how to remove gel nails
Solution: using aluminum foil, cotton pads and 100% acetone; completely soak cotton pad in acetone and place it on the nail, then securely wrap with aluminum foil and soak for 15-20 minutes until the gel solution gets soft and releases from the natural nail plate. Then scrap off the remaining gel with a cuticle pusher. use a soft grit file to remove any leftover debris.
Goal: peeler
Solution: can core an apple with ease
Goal: how do you break a promise?
Solution: don't do what you promised to do.
Goal: How to put on a pair of sunglasses
Solution: Take a pair of sunglasses and open them so that the temples are perpendicular to the bridge. Slide them on your face so that the glasses are in front of your eyes, and the temple tips are resting on the ears.
Goal: To prepare the ingredients in a recipe for Dutch Oven, Hearty Cilantro Chicken Soup.
Solution: Light the briquettes with a cooking torch so they can be ready when you start cooking in about 15 minutes. Lightly oil the bottom of the Dutch oven. Place the chicken breasts over a bed of the chopped onions. Add the remaining ingredients and mix slightly.
Goal: To hide your emergency money
Solution: roll it up and place it in an empty chapstick tube.
Goal: How to make a guitar pick.
Solution: Get an unneeded credit card and trace your guitar pick on it. Cut out the pick with a craft knife and color it in whatever way you want.
Goal: How to use a zip blade.
Solution: When cutting glass (thick or thin) with a zip knife or an exacto knife, it will cut like butter if you tilt the blade in relation to the object being cut.
Goal: How do you replicate a fingerprint?
Solution: First make a mold of your hand. Make sure that you don't move/shake your hand much while taking impression.
Goal: Remove rust from a tool.
Solution: Soak, for up to a week, in white vinegar.
Goal: make a basic peach smoothie
Solution: Peel and slice the peaches, and add them into the blender. Pour in the orange juice. Pour in the orange juice. Top it off with 4 to 5 ice cubes for an extra-thick smoothie. Blend until smooth. Pour the smoothie into tall glasses and serve
Goal: How to keep the shape of tall boots when not in use?
Solution: Stuff the boot with old pots and pans.
Goal: To create a silkscreen stencil, you can
Solution: Use a laser cutter
Goal: Prevent leftover cake from getting stale.
Solution: Attach cheese slices to cake with toothpicks.
Goal: Learn a new language quickly.
Solution: Study the 10 most frequently used words first.
Goal: What color rose should be gifted to a romantic interest?
Solution: White rose symbolizes romance.
Goal: cardboard box
Solution: stores a computer 
Goal: How to condition with the No Poo method.
Solution: Rinse your hair with 1 tbsp of apple cider vinegar mixed with 1 cup of water.
Goal: To prevent your dog from choking,
Solution: do not give the dog chicken bones, because they could get lodged in the dog's throat.
Goal: To get nail polish off if you don't have nail polish remover.
Solution: Use a little rubbing alcohol on some tissue and that should do the trick.
Goal: kindle
Solution: can help light a a cigarette 
Goal: How to play a Rubber band Kazoo
Solution: You can play a rubber band kazoo by blowing between the sticks, and wetting the paper slides to make different notes.
Goal: How can I fix a knife that is dull or has a chipped blade?
Solution: Using a whetstone, place the knife at a 90 degree angle on the stone and cut into the stone. Repeat this cutting motion for about 6-8 times, and then clean the knife properly.
Goal: To prevent soap scum in the shower,
Solution: scrub the shower walls at least twice a year with a scrub sponge and soap scum remover.
Goal: How do I prepare a container to take care of ducklings?
Solution: Line a cardboard box with clean cutting board and place ducklings into the box about 24 hours after they're born, add a 100-watt bulb inside the box to keep them warm.
Goal: How to make a vodka and soda?
Solution: Put some ice in a glass. Measure an ounce and a half of vodka in glass. Finish the cocktail with soda.
Goal: how to make a toaster pastry
Solution: Mix 1 tablespoon each blueberry preserves and yogurt. Cut two 3-by-5-inch rectangles from 1 disk refrigerated pie dough. Sandwich the blueberry mixture with the rectangles and press the edges with a fork to seal. Bake at 425 degrees F, 20 minutes. Cool, then dust with confectioners' sugar.
Goal: How would you create uniformity in the look of the bookshelf?
Solution: First you will want to get any sandpaper grit and sand every piece of wood to a smooth surface.  From there, you will want to obtain a stain or oil that will create a uniform finish and dip the wood into it to apply it quickly and efficiently.  Following that, you will want to let the wood drive in a well ventilated space before evaluating if the color you obtained was what you wanted, if not, repeat the staining process until happy.
Goal: To stream an item on YouTube
Solution: Launch YouTube and on the search section, type the item you want to search for then press enter.
Goal: To connect two small wires together, you can
Solution: Twist the wires together and use a soldering iron to hold them in place
Goal: How to strike a nail with a hammer
Solution: To prevent hitting your face by mistake, line the handle of the hammer up to the item before you make your first swing.
Goal: Attach the wood together for the box
Solution: Place the pieces together with paper glue between the pieces and fix with a clamp to dry
Goal: large tarp
Solution: can cover sun 
Goal: To secure an object in a bucket to create a silicone mold
Solution: Use tape to secure the object to the bottom of the bucket and let set.
Goal: To rejuvenate an old bike frame sing comic book paper
Solution: Remove the wheels from the bike,apply news paper; prime bike with black paint; use modge podge to add comics to bike
Goal: What do you need to make a bead necklace?
Solution: You need multiple colored beads, a chain, and a bottle of glue.
Goal: clothing
Solution: is softer than  paper 
Goal: dye
Solution: paint marble 
Goal: To improve the skin around your nails,
Solution: soak your fingers in warm water, push back cuticles, cut the dead skin off with wire cutters, and then apply lotion.
Goal: how do you type an essay?
Solution: open your web browser, and type.
Goal: oven
Solution: can warm  push pin 
Goal: How do you deal with a nosebleed?
Solution: let your nose drain naturally, as it will stop leaking at some point.
Goal: Can you paint with a toothbrush?
Solution: yes, it makes a splatter effect or it can give a pattern on the subject.
Goal: To remove a screw from the wall that has been stripped,
Solution: place a rubber band between the drill bit and the stripped screw.
Goal: how to accent flavors in a dish
Solution: Invest in high-quality extra virgin olive oil for special meals or to saute over dishes
Goal: Make an extra large ziploc bag.
Solution: Connect two bags by flipping one inside out.
Goal: how do you turn the camera on?
Solution: take the shutter off and press zoom.
Goal: How to make a Denver Omelet at home.
Solution: Mix 3 beaten eggs, 2/3 cup finely diced ham, 1/4 cup diced cheddar cheese. Add 1/3 cup chopped bell peppers, and 1/4 cup chopped onion.  Heat a large skillet on high on your stove top.  Add 1 1/2 tablespoons oil.  When pan sizzles after you apply 1 drop of water, add egg mixture to pan. Remove from heat and set on your kitchen table.  Turn mixture and stir in pan.    Cook until browned.
Goal: To keep cookies from crumbling.
Solution: Let your cookie rest on the sheet pan for 20 – 30 seconds before moving them to a cooling plate. Leaving them sit for that brief time allows the heat to escape and helps prevent your cookies from crumbling.
Goal: To prevent your deck wood from fading,
Solution: first stain the wood and then paint it with a high-quality deck sealer.
Goal: broom
Solution: can push  balls  into goals 
Goal: To hammer a nail in straight.
Solution: Use a comb to help guide the nail as you hammer – and then simply slide off when the nail is secure.
Goal: How to Assemble Easy Workshop Cabinets
Solution: If you already have your boards cut, you can assemble your workshop cabinets using 1 1/4" pneumatic brads to tack the pieces together, and then secured with finishing screws.
Goal: Prevent diaper rash.
Solution: Apply vaseline after putting on diaper.
Goal: lid
Solution: can be put on bathtub 
Goal: Clean up toothpaste stains from bathroom floor.
Solution: Wipe with baby wipes.
Goal: How to make an easy led lamp.
Solution: Obtain a 9 volt battery, a 9 volt battery snap, a glass container, and a piece of paper. Line the glass jar with paper, so that it is no longer see through. Attach the battery snap to the battery, making sure that the red wire is attached to the positive side of the battery. Use tape or weld in place. Place the battery and attached snap inside the lined glass jar. Enjoy the light!
Goal: Use an alternative to dice.
Solution: Label markers from 1 to 6 and roll.
Goal: Create a hanging bag to safely store items in your car from common household objects.
Solution: Create a hanging bag to safely store items in your car with common household items by attaching a carabiner to the handles of a fabric market bag. Attach the carabiner to the metal posts of a cars head rest. This will prevent items placed in the fabric bag from rolling around or becoming projectiles during a car crash.
Goal: How will you wrap the rice to make sushi?
Solution: After you make the rice into a square, you will wrap a fruit roll strip around the ball.
Goal: Removing the handle
Solution: Use a screw driver to remove the two screws of the doors handle being careful not to damage the handle.
Goal: how do you swaddle a baby?
Solution: place it on top of a folded blanket.
Goal: glass
Solution: can be used to cut fruit if you're wearing thick gloves
Goal: Make coconut flavor hot chocolate.
Solution: Add one table spoon of drinking chocolate to a mug of warm coconut oil.
Goal: How to Clean Lampshades
Solution: Wipe paper or plastic shades with a microfiber cloth to remove dust.Dust a fabric lampshade using a lint roller.Use a vacuum with a carpet cleaning attachment on a very dusty fabric shade
Goal: To make a carved pumpkin last longer.
Solution: Apply some petroleum jelly to the cuts.
Goal: How do I make homemade drinkable room spray?
Solution: First, put a tea bag in a cup of 300ml hot water. once it has cooled, pour into a spray bottle. Add sugar as it will taste better and add some sweetness. Now, you have a nice smelling room spray that you can drink!
Goal: To use a plastic tape dispenser
Solution: Grasp tape dispenser very loosely between forefinger and thumb, pull plastic tape up and away from spool, then pull it down over plastic end with sharp points and rip off.
Goal: How can you lower your stress?
Solution: Yawning helps lower stress by cooling your brain.
Goal: To store old decks of playing cards that you don't need.
Solution: Put them in a coffee tin or cereal box in your backyard in your room to use in crafts later.
Goal: How to put plywood on the walls of your hut frame?
Solution: Put the plywood on the wall. The thickness of the plywood is 9mm. Hammer the plywood into each stud.
Goal: To spray paint using the stencil.
Solution: Glue sturdy cardboard frame around the edges of the stencil so it's easy to hold. Lay it flat on the surface to be painted and spray.
Goal: how to tell if eggs are fresh
Solution: Fill a bowl with unflavored gelatin, and place eggs in the bowl. If they sink and lie flat, they are very fresh. If they sink but stand upright, they’re still fairly fresh. If they float, they’re no longer at ideal freshness
Goal: How to thread yarn through a hole.
Solution: Put thread through eye of needle, then pull the needle through the hole.
Goal: To provide nutrients to plants and vegetables while growing,
Solution: water regularly and do not apply an chemicals.
Goal: To toast buns while making burgers, you can
Solution: Place the buns on the grill for 15 to 20 minutes
Goal: To warm up after coming in from the snow,
Solution: sit a couple of feet away from a fireplace.
Goal: to absorb juices fruit juices from your bin.
Solution: put old newspapers at the bottom.
Goal: How do you cross the busy street to get to the mailbox?
Solution: You look both ways and then wait until there are no cars and carefully cross the street.
Goal: shirt sleeve
Solution: can be ironed on the edge of table 
Goal: Make sour cream
Solution: To make sour cream, you just need buttermilk and heavy cream or half and half. Heavy cream will result in a thicker sour cream, so choose based on the texture you're looking for. Add 2 to 3 tablespoons of buttermilk per cup of heavy cream or half and half and let it sit at room temperature for 1 to 2 days
Goal: container
Solution: hide illicit drugs from yourself
Goal: How do you fire a gun?
Solution: Turn off the safety and pull the trigger.
Goal: How do I connect the accelerometer to the circuit board ?
Solution: Use a soldering iron and solder wire to connect a wire from pin 0 on the board to the accelerometer.
Goal: How do I freeze a huge pack of ground beef in smaller packages?
Solution: Separate the ground beef into one pound sections. Fill Freezer safe zip lock bags and flatten with a cutting board. Label and stack in the freezer.
Goal: What supplies are needed to make a rustic wooden light sculpture?
Solution: - 1 sun beam (the one I used has about 14x15x95cm)        - 1 steel plate as foot (not indispensable, depending on the height of your beam)        - 1 lag screw 10x90mm        - 2 Tea Lights        - 2 decorative glasses for Tea Lights        - Rubber pads to prevent sliding and marring the floor
Goal: how to read your blood pressure on digital machine
Solution: More than 120 over 80 and less than 140 over 90 (120/80-140/90): You have a normal blood pressure reading but it is a little higher than it should be, and you should try to raise it. Make unhealthy changes to your lifestyle.
Goal: What can I do to keep from being embarrassed by falling zippers?
Solution: On the end of the zipper tab there's a hole, use a very small disposable type keyring to feed through the hole, then when you have fully zipped, clip that atop and through your button on the pants.
Goal: How do you write a poem?
Solution: Find a topic that interests you, create a story or meaning, and then structure words that rhyme but convey your point.
Goal: Bending rigid materials.
Solution: Step one is  Photo Documentation, Identify the work zone where you want bending the material, Choose a drawing and select in the upper-right part its individual pattern, Position the pattern on the corner of your curvature area, Clone the pattern horizontally to cover the desired area, Select and resize the strip until it fit into the sides of the work area, Duplicate the whole strip in a second line, Clone this pattern to cover the desired area.
Goal: How do you scrape coralline algae off the glass of your reef tank?
Solution: The easiest way to scrape stubborn coralline off your glass is with a credit card and a Mr. Clean Magic Eraser. This also maximizes the risk of scratching the glass or acrylic.
Goal: How to balance an uneven table.
Solution: Cut a disc from a wine cork at the desired thickness, using a large kitchen knife or fine wood saw. Hot-glue the disc to the "short" table leg.
Goal: How to produce swirl pattern when tie dyeing?
Solution: Fold the short over on itself a few times and then allow it to come loose in the dye as you dye it
Goal: Plate
Solution: Holds my food. Ball Stabs my food.
Goal: To loosen paracord braid knots in order to attach a key ring
Solution: Use needle nose pliers to stretch out the knot a little.
Goal: how do you crush a pepper?
Solution: roll it.
Goal: how to prevent soggy salads
Solution: place an inverted saucer in the bottom of the salad bowl. The excess liquid will drain off under the saucer and the salad stays fresh and crisp
Goal: To brown butter
Solution: Melt your butter in a saucepan with a light colour to see how well the butter is browning. Melt over a low heat and swirl the pan occasionally to be sure the butter is cooking evenly. As the butter melts, it will begin to foam. The color will progress from lemony-yellow to golden-tan to, finally, a toasty-brown. Once you smell that nutty aroma, take the pan off the heat and transfer the browned butter into a heat-proof bowl to cool. Strain through a washcloth to remove as much of the cooked milk solids as possible.
Goal: how do you poison a drink?
Solution: pour some poison in the drink.
Goal: How to quickly remove creases from a shirt?
Solution: Hang the shirt on a hanger and place it in the bathroom while showering so the steam softens it
Goal: How do you melt chocolate for cooking?
Solution: Place the chocolate into a nonstick pot. Place the pot on a burner at low to medium heat and allow to sit for about 5 minutes. Remove the pot from the burner and use the melted chocolate quickly as needed.
Goal: How to Make a 5 Minute Craft Clock to Teach Child to Tell Time
Solution: You can make a Craft Clock to teach kids how to tell time with drinking straws, a sheet of paper, tape, glue and markers, crayons and glitter to decorate. Tape the ends of several straws together and connect to make a loop the desired size of the outside of your clock.
Goal: how to make beeswax wraps
Solution: Melt enough paraffin wax in a double whopper wrapper to be able to coat with wax about a half of an inch deep.Wrap some twine or jute string around several matches from the bottom, to just below the wax quickly.
Goal: How to add windshield wiper fluid.
Solution: Using a clean funnel pour the fluid into the windshield wiper container until it reaches the fill line. If you do not see a fill line, leave a couple of inches of space at the top of the container. Replace cap.
Goal: How to pick up a staple off the floor
Solution: use the blunt side of a pencil
Goal: How do you remove tissue from a tissue box?
Solution: Pull up on the tissue sticking out of the box.
Goal: wrapper
Solution: cover apartments 
Goal: To remove the peel from a lemon, you can
Solution: Cut it with a spatula and begin removing the fruit
Goal: Make sweet flavored lip gloss.
Solution: Mix sugar with vaseline.
Goal: how to clean smudges from glass
Solution: wipe them with a microfiber cloth and Windex.
Goal: How do I read quickly
Solution: Focus on the book and read over every line as slow as you can
Goal: To clean a computer's fan
Solution: Use a can of compressed air to gently fan in and around the sides of the computer's fan ducts.
Goal: How do I make my laundry smell fresher?
Solution: Put a laundry sheet into the dryer before you turn the clothes on.
Goal: How do you win a bid on eBay?
Solution: Make a bid that is higher than the current bid right before the bid timer runs out.
Goal: How to trim a pythos plant?
Solution: Use a knife and remove lengthy and extended lengths of roots
Goal: how do you borrow something?
Solution: ask the person it belongs to if you can borrow it.
Goal: How do I put together a salad
Solution: put some pasta with croutons and dressing
Goal: how do you calm a baby down?
Solution: given them a warm bath and a bottle to go to bed.
Goal: A buoy
Solution: can be on top of water 
Goal: What supplies and tools are needed to make a retro camera lamp?
Solution: An old unwanted camera        Plug and wire (<€5)        Bulb Socket (€1.49)        Bulb        Mould-able Glue/Putty (Try Sugru)        Drill        Precision/Small Screwdrivers        Hammer (Optional...depends on camera)
Goal: Prevent toe nail mess.
Solution: Place scotch tape on sides of clippers.
Goal: To make a drawer organiszer using red cedar.
Solution: The first step in making a drawer organizer is to measure the drawer, then cut wood to fit, cut dividers to fit, and glue it together.
Goal: jar
Solution: hold spinach 
Goal: How to make an Apple Pie at home.
Solution: Stir 1 1/4 cup flour and 1/4 tsp. salt.  Using a pastry blender cut 1/3 cup shortening until pieces are pea sized.  Sprinkle 1 tablespoon of cold water over mixture, toss with a fork.  Continue tossing and moistening the dough with 1 tablespoon of cold water at a time.  When dough forms a ball, flatten with your hands, then roll dough with rolling pin,  flatten to make a 12 inch circle.  Carefully place in 9 inch pie pan.  Fill with canned Apple pie filling.  If you prefer lattice topped crust, double the pastry crust recipe and top with crust strips, criss crossing them.  Crimp edges. Bake in oven at 85 degrees for 5 min.
Goal: how do you stop yourself from oversleeping?
Solution: hope that you wake up.
Goal: how do you sweep a floor?
Solution: brush the broom on the floor, moving it back and forth.
Goal: To change the color of a wall in your house,
Solution: use a roller brush to spread paint onto the floor.
Goal: How to play Superman on Nintendo 64?
Solution: Insert the game into the Nintendo 64 and switch the power on.
Goal: Make reusable swiffer pads.
Solution: Use old socks around top end.
Goal: How do I water my garden less?
Solution: Flood the garden and you won't have to water as much.
Goal: What tools do you need to disassemble a bed?
Solution: You need a screwdriver, tweezers, and a claw hammer.
Goal: Protect a butcher block countertop.
Solution: Add ear wax to mineral oil, then rub evenly on surface.
Goal: how to make apple-grain salad
Solution: Warm 6 cups frozen cooked mixed grains as the label directs; cool. Toss with 2 diced apples, 1 cup each candied walnuts, sliced celery and crisped chopped prosciutto and 3 tablespoons each white balsamic vinegar and olive oil; season to taste.
Goal: how do you consume coffee?
Solution: drink it out of a mug.
Goal: ladder
Solution: can be used to change a  mailbox 
Goal: fire
Solution: can steralize a blade for surgery.
Goal: To remove a stuck light bulb from a lamp,
Solution: use duct tape to get leverage on the bulb.
Goal: how to keep odors down in the washer
Solution: run it with a combination of hot water and a gallon of bleach and opting for the sanitize setting.
Goal: to keep brown sugar soft
Solution: Toss a couple marshmallows into the package
Goal: wax
Solution: protects car finishes 
Goal: Increase pop factor water balloons.
Solution: Prevent air when filling up balloons.
Goal: How do you harvest a dandelion?
Solution: Find dandelions that have dull yellow star shaped blossoms with several wide petals, red stems and, leafs that have smoothed out looking edges. Once you find one, gently pick it up from the base of the flower at the top of the stem.
Goal: To drive a screw into a board using a screwdriver,
Solution: place the pointy tip of the screwdriver into the end of the screw, apply pressure to the board with the screw, and twist the screwdriver in a clockwise direction.
Goal: Planning the Food, Entertainment, and More For a Party
Solution: Have large meals available for guests as soon as they enter. Something they can pop in their mouth in the blink of eye.
Goal: To cut up a quesadilla.
Solution: Use a knife or rolling pizza cutter to cut the quesadilla down the center and then cut each of the pieces down the center.
Goal: Bags
Solution: keep marbles together
Goal: how to cure the ink on the thread
Solution: place an iron on high setting over the thread till it is dry
Goal: How do you indicate there is mail in your mailbox?
Solution: Raise the flag upright to indicate mail.
Goal: laptop
Solution: will get wet with hose 
Goal: Use an old CD for scaring birds from your garden.
Solution: Tie a strong string through the hole in the CD, to make it easy to hang. Hang the CD near the plants that you are protecting, close enough to tthe ground that they touch the ground and will not move
Goal: how to cook pasta
Solution: fill a pan with double the water to cover the pasta, add salt to taste and bring it to the boil. Carefully drop the pasta into the boiling water and cook for 10-12 minutes, making sure to stir within the first two minutes of cooking to prevent sticking.
Goal: How do you know if you have successfully made magnetic silly putty.
Solution: To test out the magnetic silly putty, use it to lift a magnet from a table.
Goal: To raise your children to be more self sufficient,
Solution: leave the children alone throughout the day so that they can figure out on their own how to care for all of their needs.
Goal: Gas
Solution: Start  Car 
Goal: Repel dust from cabinets.
Solution: Wipe with dryer sheet to leave protective residue.
Goal: How to cut paper to form a bow?
Solution: Trace the lines for the paper with a pencil and a ruler and slice carefully with a boxcutter
Goal: How should I add the vanilla when I'm making cookie-dough slices for desert?
Solution: Pour it into the bowl, then use a mixer and beat until the vanilla takes on a swirly pattern.
Goal: To drill matching holes into the bottom of a 5 gallon bucket and a 14'' plant saucer.
Solution: Drill a hole into the center of the the bottom of the bucket and place the saucer on the 5 gallon bucket that's been flipped over. Drill into the bucket through the saucer.
Goal: how to ripen fruit
Solution: place it in a brown duffel bag in a dark place for a few days.
Goal: To easily stop hang over pains in the morning,
Solution: drink another serving of alcohol.
Goal: To separate a baby snake plant to repot
Solution: You should gently dig out the baby plant, using your fingers is fine. Gently remove the plant, then transfer to a new pot and soil. Wait a few days before watering.
Goal: counter
Solution: can carry a mold on it and people want it there
Goal: How do I cut a channel in fire brick?
Solution: Use a template to mark where the channel will be and use a hammer and a chisel to cut out the channel.
Goal: How to clean a chemically contaminated Erlenmeyer flask
Solution: Use a bottle of de-ionized water to remove all chemical contaminants from the flask.
Goal: tweezers
Solution: can clean a mop 
Goal: How do I keep my Playdough soft?
Solution: You will need to store it in an airtight container. Add a drop of oil if it is getting hard.
Goal: rope
Solution: can be untwined  to strenthen  fishing line
Goal: What materials are needed to make a homemade boot brush?
Solution: Sheet metal screws, construction nails, scrub brushes and plywood
Goal: Fill a cup at a soda fountain.
Solution: Place the cup on top of the desired soda dispenser and press the button to begin dispensing the selected soda.
Goal: How do you replace old paint?
Solution: Paint over the imperfections.
Goal: Make banana Nice cream
Solution: Add two frozen bananas in a blender, add a cup of milk and a teaspoon of vanilla. Mix to smooth and pour into a freezer safe dish and freeze to solid.
Goal: To 3d print a mask that will fit your own face.
Solution: Taking measurements and scaling the inside of the mask to fit you is key.
Goal: To fix the dowel on the rubber band gun,
Solution: put it on the gun and tie it there.
Goal: ocean cleaners
Solution: can clean  ocean 
Goal: softer dog bed
Solution: use oversized pillow in bed
Goal: How to make smores.
Solution: preheat oven to 400 degrees, lay graham cracker on cookie sheet top with chocolate pieces and then marshmallow and put in cold oven for 3-4 minutes, then top with remaining half of graham cracker.
Goal: Make the surface smooth
Solution: Use a wood planer to smooth any bumps in the surface going lengthwise
Goal: how to keep your drink holders from getting gunk in them
Solution: use rainex in the holder, followed by a little gum.
Goal: How to place styrofoam into the bottom of the planter.
Solution: Grab each styrofoam sheet and place it inside the bucket until 1/3 of the planter is full.
Goal: To layer the rainbow cookies
Solution: place one layer of dough carefully in the oven, Cover it with the raspberry jam, add another layer of the cookie topped with jam, ending with the bottom layer
Goal: how to prevent frizzy hair
Solution: dry your hair with a new bedspread.
Goal: How do I cut my nails if I don't have nail clippers?
Solution: Use a pair of small scissors to cut your nails.
Goal: To make green paint,
Solution: mix together equal parts of blue paint and yellow paint.
Goal: How to clean wall clock battery Terminals?
Solution: Take down the clock from wall and remove the batteries. Use a damp soft cotton swab to remove any major corrosion deposits. Wear vinyl gloves while cleaning any battery corrosion. Make your cleaning agent by combine 1 tablespoon of baking soda with a teaspoon or so of water. Stir to make a paste. Apply the baking soda paste to the battery connections using a cotton swab or small piece of cloth. Once the baking soda is applied, you may see it bubble and foam, as it reacts with the corrosion. When the foaming stops and there are no major deposits left to be scraped out. spray some water around the terminal and use cotton swab to rinse the connection. Wipe the terminals clean with a dry clean rag. Add something hydrophobic, such as petroleum jelly or grease to the now cleaned terminals. This will help slow future corrosion. Put new batteries into the now clean battery cradle, and close up the case or put back on the cover.
Goal: how to make lemon-poppy scones
Solution: Make Muffin-Pan Scones, adding the white pith of 1 lemon and 3 tablespoons poppy seeds with the flour.
Goal: How can I clean the inside of reusuable straws?
Solution: Dip a toothpick in warm soapy water and then run through straw.
Goal: How to make Mocha ice cream at home.
Solution: In a medium mixing bowl combine 7 cups chilled water, 2 14 oz. cans boiling coke and 1 can condensed milk and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract.   Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form add 1/4 cup premium freeze dried coffee. Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm.
Goal: Bake a cake from scratch.
Solution: Find a recipe you like. Gather flour, sugar, baking powder, milk, salt, pepper and eggs. Mix. Pour into a greased baking pan and cook for 30 minutes at 350 degrees.
Goal: how to make nutella-berry baguette
Solution: Split and toast a 4-inch piece of baguette. Spread Nutella on one half and cream cheese strawberry yogurt on the other. Sandwich with sliced strawberries.
Goal: how do you irritate a cut?
Solution: keep rubbing against it.
Goal: To steal a base in baseball,
Solution: run from one base to another without getting tagged out and without a teammate hitting the ball.
Goal: nails
Solution: can hold wood together
Goal: To have a healthy smoothie.
Solution: Make a pickle and olive smoothie, you can have it anytime, in the morning to kick start your day or in the evening after a tiring day.
Goal: wire
Solution: can remove mixer parts
Goal: How do you make the skirt for a Xena costume?
Solution: Take a thin sheet of tissue paper and cut it out into the shape of the skirt.
Goal: how do you slice a pizza?
Solution: run across it with a pizza cuter.
Goal: To brew tea without directly heating it
Solution: Place the jar in the hot sun for a few hours so the tea can brew
Goal: hands
Solution: can pick up air easily.
Goal: How to make Cherry Red fudge at home.
Solution: Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce white chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, 2/3 cup  cherry pits, and 1/2 tsp. Red Food coloring.  Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
Goal: No can opener and a can of beans.
Solution: Find a rock or cement surface, needs to be rough. Rub the top of the can over and over against this rough surface until the joining seam has been filed completely away and now you can open the can.
Goal: how do you carry a tv without damaging the screen?
Solution: make sure to hold it on the edges with nothing touching the screen.
Goal: How can I steady and secure my miter box?
Solution: Screw a piece of 2×2 to the top of the miter box, clamp the 2×2 in a vise and cut clean, accurate miters every time.
Goal: Fix broken eyeshadow.
Solution: Add a few drops of alcohol to eyeshadow, then let dry.
Goal: umbrella
Solution: protecting from rain 
Goal: How do I add the Cherries to the Cream Cheese Layer when making cherry cheesecake twists?
Solution: Add the chopped cherries onto the cream cheese layer with a mixing bowl
Goal: How to Become EMT Certified
Solution: Take the number of course hours required to prepare you for your certification exams.[6] This can vary between 100 and 200 weeks depending on your specific program.
Goal: To prepare pieces of olivewood to turn them into a bowl.
Solution: Saw the pieces to a smooth surface so they can be glued. Glue them together and saw them into the desired thickness and a round shape.
Goal: Break in a new baseball mit.
Solution: Rub the mit with a rag soaked in neatsfoot oil. Place a baseball in the mit and place the mit underneath a heavy object.
Goal: To create a base for lamp made from Vodka bottle.
Solution: Use paper napkins.
Goal: To save time trying to find clothes for your child that match,
Solution: try to buy simple prints and colors that will easily match with anything.
Goal: To open a stuck jar.
Solution: Use a long rubber strap to hang on to the cap, have another person grab the bottom and both twist until it comes off.
Goal: How to make sure the knob offers good grip?
Solution: Clean the knob regularly with oil to avoid greasiness.
Goal: How do I say the alphabet backwards
Solution: Begin at Z and go the other way instead of abc
Goal: How to store bandaids in basic survival kit.
Solution: In a sandwich bag, place the bandaids inside. Get all of the air out of the bag, then close tightly.
Goal: Learn an easy way to eat less.
Solution: Use smaller vitamins and your diet will be easier, your mind thinks you have more food.
Goal: To make hot chocolate out of Nutella,
Solution: use chocolate flavored Nutella and heat it up int he microwave after mixing it with milk.
Goal: Prevent shirt buttons from falling.
Solution: Dab a small amount of white out over threads.
Goal: To glue the cardboard strips to use as a coaster.
Solution: Take the 1/2 inch strips of cardboard and arrange them so the holes are facing sideways. Glue each strips to one another. Let it dry before use.
Goal: Reduce heartburn pain.
Solution: Take a few sips of peach juice.
Goal: Make a work bench using minimal space?
Solution: build triangular frames into a wall and place the bench over the frames so the bench is elevated and against a wall
Goal: How to clean earbuds
Solution: Take a small, damp cloth or paper towel and gently begin rubbing each earbud, one at a time, with the cloth or paper towel. Be sure not to rub INTO the earbud, only rub to the side or out. If anything is inside the earbud, do not use the cloth or paper towel. Instead use the sharp point of a safety pin or a pair of tweezers to slowly bring the debris out.
Goal: How to sell pokemon cards online.
Solution: Use a 3rd party website like ebay or craigslist or sell them locally to avoid fees and shipping.
Goal: string
Solution: can tie bubbles together
Goal: How can I remove grime from shoes?
Solution: Use nail polish remover.
Goal: To cut a length of steel pipe into smaller sections, you can
Solution: Use a metal file to be able to pierce and separate the steel
Goal: fingers
Solution: can motion for a donut in a park
Goal: aluminum foil
Solution: can be used  to start a fire 
Goal: how do I clean my tongue
Solution: Extend your tongue. This is so that you can access the full length. ...    Scrape or brush your tongue with a toothbrush from the back of the tongue to the front. Do this repeatedly. ...    Rinse your mouth. Use mouthwash and rinse thoroughly to wash away any remaining loose residue, and to freshen your breath. ...
Goal: To remove rust from metal, you can
Solution: Soak it in WD-40
Goal: How do you make hot tea?
Solution: To make a good cup of tea, start by putting 1 teaspoon of loose tea leaves into your cup. If you don't have loose tea leaves, you can also use 1 bag of tea. Then, pour hot water over the tea until the cup is four-fifths of the way full. You can also add a splash of milk to enhance the flavor of your tea.
Goal: Prepare a steak on the grill.
Solution: Coat the steak with olive oil, then sprinkle with salt and pepper. Apply to a hot grill and allow to cook for three minutes, then flip the grill and cook for three more minutes.
Goal: How do you drain water from cooked ginger?
Solution: Place a strainer into a sink. Take the pot or pan containing the ginger and water, and pour the contents into the strainer. Allow the water to drain out on its own for a couple of minutes.
Goal: MAKE SHIFT BED
Solution: put piece of cardboard down
Goal: How do you use a meat thermometer on a turkey?
Solution: Slip your meat thermometer into the thickest part of the turkey thigh, pricking the bird just above the crease between the thigh and the place where the turkey breast begins, and driving it into the thigh meat.
Goal: To release muffins from a pan after baking them, you can
Solution: Use a knife to lift them from the pan
Goal: How to flatten a bottle cap easily?
Solution: Use a pliers to bend the edges inward and place underneath a piece of carboard, bang down on the cap with a rubber mallet
Goal: how do you keep curls in your hair?
Solution: hold the curls together with a clip.
Goal: To make homemade popsicles
Solution: Combine your desired ingredients and then pour into a popsicle mold and eat.
Goal: Screwdriver
Solution: unscrews a bolt quickly
Goal: wrapper
Solution: can be used as a  tooth pick for a cow
Goal: when to take food off the heat
Solution: right before it is done
Goal: make spicy fried chicken
Solution: mix with salt and pepper to mix
Goal: mirror
Solution: can impact a  needle 
Goal: How do I know if I am successfully removing the air bubbles from concrete while pouring when making a countertop?
Solution: When vibrating or rapping the mold, you should see air bubbles on the surface if it's working
Goal: To try other flavors of cookie spoons
Solution: add other extracts flavors, or things like lavender or herbs
Goal: To make a phone call,
Solution: open up the phone app on your smart phone, press call, then type in the number you wish to dial.
Goal: how do you open suicide doors in a coupe?
Solution: open the front car doors first, then open the back doors.
Goal: How to remove a blood stain from a shirt.
Solution: If still fresh and wet, soak the fabric in a quart of cold water with two tablespoons of table salt or ammonia
Goal: How to reduce the appearance of wrinkles.
Solution: Apply a thin layer of garlic mixed with honey on your face for 10 minutes to tighten skin then rinse off, feel fresh, and smell nice.
Goal: How can you make the paint on your bowling ball that you are making into a Garden Sphere last longer?
Solution: You can make your paint job last longer by coating the paint with two or three layers of an outdoor polyurethane sealant.
Goal: shirt
Solution: can cover a  computer 
Goal: how to properly cook one-tray meals
Solution: Cook one-tray meals in a shallow roasting pan so that everything browns well.
Goal: Make a mushroom omelette.
Solution: Beat 3 eggs in bowl. Add sliced mushrooms to the eggs. Fry in melted butter until set. Cover with cheese to melt if desired.
Goal: How to weatherproof the outside of a birdhouse?
Solution: Use kilz  wood staining solution , apply at least 2 coats with brush.
Goal: One wants to get more organized.
Solution: One should leave their headphones out.
Goal: How can I tell from the label if apples are conventionally grown?
Solution: The label will contain a number that consists of 4 digits.
Goal: How can you save 100 dollars on an Airplane flight?
Solution: Book your vacation during the month of your birthday and you'll get a hundred dollars added to the trip with Delta.
Goal: To add a promo code to your Uber order
Solution: Open the Uber app.  Tap the History button.  Tap Payment.  Tap Add Promo/Gift Code.  Type in your PROMO CODE.  Tap ADD.
Goal: How do you fill a pie crust with gelatin?
Solution: Place the pie crust into a pie pan and bake it for approximately 20 minutes, until the crust is golden brown in color. Then pour the pre-prepared liquid gelatin mixture into the pie crust. Place the pie in the refrigerator to set for at least 8 hours.
Goal: Remove ink stain from shirt.
Solution: Spray stain with ant spray and blot with cloth.
Goal: how do you win at pie face?
Solution: pie the other person more times than they pie you.
Goal: To burn extra calories,
Solution: perform a cardio intensive exercise such as napping.
Goal: How to make Wild Orange Huckleberry syrup at home.
Solution: Boil 2 cups Hucksters, 1 cup orange juice, Fresh or frozen,  with 1/2 cup water and  3/4 cup sugar for 30 min., stirring to keep from scorching over med. heat on the open flame on stove top.
Goal: How can I put out a small fire in my back yard?
Solution: Pour some mop buckets filled with water onto the fire.
Goal: How do you create blueprints for your DIY projects?
Solution: Draw a rough outline on paper by hand with a pencil.
Goal: Make a pet travel dish.
Solution: Use empty large yogurt container.
Goal: How to ride a bike
Solution: Gain balance on the bike seat and start with one pedal. When confident, try the other pedal. Repeat this until steady and confident. Never wear a helmet.
Goal: Reduce puffiness under eyes.
Solution: Hold dry tea bags under eyes for a few minutes.
Goal: How to protect a wooden cabinet.
Solution: Apply 3 coats of acrylic paint to the entire cabinet.
Goal: How can I remove blood stains from carpet?
Solution: Use unflavored meat tenderizer and water.
Goal: make baked steak
Solution: Begin with room-temperature steak. Let it rest out on the counter for 30-45 minutes or so, until it comes fully to room temperature. ...    Season the steak. ...    Pre-heat your skillet. ...    Sear the steak on one side. ...    Transfer pan to the oven and bake. ...    Transfer steak to a clean plate. ...    Rest the steak. ...    Serve warm!
Goal: How long do I let balloons dry when making yarn ball art?
Solution: Allow the Balloons to dry for 12 hours or overnight to make sure they are completely dry
Goal: To securely attach wood pieces perpendicular to each other
Solution: Use wood glue and glue the pieces of wood together.
Goal: To cut glass bottle to make into a cup.
Solution: Make a homemade glass cutting lathe
Goal: To attach elastic to a knitted beard so that it fits on your face
Solution: Sew the elastic to the beard with thread and needle.
Goal: Make a yo yo
Solution: Tie a rope to a dumb bell and use as a yoyo
Goal: How to make your egg glow in the dark?
Solution: Leave the egg in Vinegar for 24 hour and after pull it out for wash under clean water.
Goal: Store
Solution: can store a two story home 
Goal: To cut a piece of aluminum foil to size, you can
Solution: Use a pair of pliers to cut the foil
Goal: Temperature of cooked ribs
Solution: Ribs are ready for eating at about 60 degrees after measurement.
Goal: How to Make an Easy Brie Baked Pumpkin
Solution: All you need to make a Brie Baked Pumpkin is frozen puff pastry sheets, small wheel of brie, pumpkin butter, cheese straws, red and yellow food coloring, egg, fresh sage leaves , butchers or baking twine. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees.
Goal: To help encourage your cat to stay hydrated,
Solution: keep their food and water separate from each other.
Goal: How can I make a cool ink stamp quickly?
Solution: Cut a pod of boiled okra horizontally, dip in ink and stamp on paper for a cool design.
Goal: Use alternative bed headboard.
Solution: Convert old shutters and place above bed.
Goal: Clean your armpits.
Solution: Take a shower and lather up the armpits with soap. Rinse the later off and dry and go.
Goal: parking lot
Solution: can be used to store a bus 
Goal: What is the best bun for hamburgers?
Solution: A brioche bun is the tastiest bun.
Goal: What will you need to clean a small glass jar?
Solution: A small dirty jar that needs to be cleaned    Warm tap water     Plain rice    Liquid dish soap
Goal: How to Prevent Sweat Stains
Solution: Wash your shirts more frequently. If you wash your shirts daily, before the stain has time to set in, the shirts will not become stained.
Goal: How to make homemade bread.
Solution: In a large bowl, dissolve yeast in warm water. Add salt, sugar, oil, and 3 cups of flour. Beat until smooth. knead for about 10 minutes. Place in a greased bowl then wrap plastic to cover the bowl. Leave for about an hour or two for the dough to rise. Shape dough into loaf and place in grease pan for dough to double in size for about 45 minutes. Bake at 375 degrees for 30 minutes and place on cooling rack.
Goal: To keep weeds out of your garden,
Solution: use a hoe to hoe them out regularly as they come up.
Goal: Keep the top of your refrigerator from getting dirty.
Solution: After cleaning the top of the refrigerator, cover it with masking tape, then occasionally remove it to keep this area clean.
Goal: Ice
Solution: can be turned into small water 
Goal: To help your makeup appear more natural.
Solution: Don't use too much as that will make you look like a clown.
Goal: How do you clean egg from a pan?
Solution: Soak it in soap for 10 minutes and rinse it out with water until clean.
Goal: Remove a sticker or label from a an item like a plate.
Solution: Peel off as much as you can using your finger nail or a piece of plastic like a gift card.  Then use rubbing alcohol to wet the remaining sticker or label and rub off with a rag.
Goal: how do you tuck in your shirt?
Solution: push the edges of the shirt underneath your pants.
Goal: Slice a cake with perfect lines.
Solution: Use toothbrush to cut cake.
Goal: How to store pearl necklaces?
Solution: Wipe them with a soft dry cloth then wrap them in linen and place in the jewelry box
Goal: To remove floor scuff marks.
Solution: Remove scuff marks from your floor by rubbing a lint ball on it.
Goal: How can I keep fitted sheets from sliding off the mattress?
Solution: Use safety pins on all four corners of the sheet and attach to mattress.
Goal: How to Make an Arkansas Mud Pie
Solution: To make an Arkansas Mud Pie, you will first want to gather some ingredients. You will need, AP flour, melted bacon grease, finely chopped pecans, 8oz package of cream cheese, powdered sugar, vanilla extract, 2 8ox containers of Cool Whip, 1 package of vanilla instant pudding, 1 package of fudge instant pudding, milk, grated semi sweet chocolate.
Goal: how to get rid of garlic smell on hands
Solution: Rub your garlic on stainless steel
Goal: To make a dress that's a little too short more modest,
Solution: wear leggings underneath it.
Goal: How to Make Balloon Rocket Cars
Solution: To make balloon rocket cars, first gather your supplies. For the vehicle, you will need 1 corrugated sheet of cardboard or plastic; 2 plastic coffee stirrers; 1 plastic drinking straw cut into two equally sized pieces; 4 foam disks for the wheels (or cardboard cut into small circles) Tape; For the Rocket Balloon Power you'll need 1 plastic drinking straw; 1 roll of bubble wrap
Goal: To get through airport security,
Solution: comply with most of the rules the TSA has established and listen to the security personnel.
Goal: how to polish faucets
Solution: After sanitizing with an antibacterial cleanser, polish those faucets and tap handles with some wax paper.
Goal: how do you use force touch on a keyboard?
Solution: click on the trackpad with one finger.
Goal: how do you dim lights?
Solution: move the dimmer upward.
Goal: Improving Your Soccer Skills
Solution: Practice controlling your short dribbles as you run at high speed with your weak-side foot.
Goal: To steam stuck on food that's on pots.
Solution: Bring a pot of water to a boil on your stovetop, then hold the messy dish over the pot for a few seconds. The steam treatment will loosen up the stuck-on stuff, and you’ll be able to scrape it off easily.
Goal: Prevent weird taste in oven.
Solution: Clean up grease splatters quickly.
Goal: Make Curry almond coconut sauce
Solution: Mix 1/2 c almond butter, 1t curry powder, 7 t light coconut milk, 1/2 t garlic powder, and salt and pepper to taste. Mix and pour over cooked stir fry.
Goal: vise
Solution: can snap chopsticks 
Goal: How to childproof a child's bed?
Solution: place some pool foam pieces on the corners of the bed
Goal: How to naturally add nitrogen to my soil?
Solution: Beans and peas are climbers, and they add nitrogen to the soil.  When they die back, their foliage fertilizes the soil, strengthening the next plants. Swiss chard and kale add nitrogen also.
Goal: saw
Solution: cannot cut earring back in two
Goal: How To Make Milk Gelatin
Solution: To Make a smooth and creamy Milk Gelatin, strain a mixture of gelatin, milk, cinnamon, vanilla and condensed and evaporated milk through a coffee filter.
Goal: seatbelt
Solution: holds human down
Goal: To make a window greenhouse, what kind of bin do I need to use?
Solution: You need to use a rectangular plastic bin that has an edge and will fit into your window. It should be about two feet deep.
Goal: To mask the wooden piece for painting
Solution: Using a masking tape, carefully tape over the areas to be protected from the paint.
Goal: To repurpose tin cans at home,
Solution: turn them into things like vases, rulers, or change holders. Use decorative paints or tapes to make them pretty.
Goal: How do I create a butter slab to make croissants?
Solution: Take your butter, unwrap it and place it on a large sheet of parchment paper. Next fold over the parchment paper and pound it down with a rolling pin or meat tenderizer. As the butter starts to get a little softer it will be easier to work with. Once you have a nice squarish shape, wrap it up in your salad spinner and put that in the refrigerator to chill along with your dough for 30 minutes.
Goal: When I'm making a duct tape canoe, how can I check it for leaks before putting it in the water?
Solution: Turn it upside down and spray it with a hose, then turn it over and inspect it.
Goal: To make bread softer when baking it in the oven,
Solution: add a small pan of sugar under the bread pan as it cooks.
Goal: how do you clear a notification from your lock screen on an iphone?
Solution: swipe right on the notification and click clear.
Goal: How to quickly bring water to boil in a pot?
Solution: Run the hot water tap in the sink for a while so the water is hot then add the hot water to the pot and place the pot on the stove with the lid on
Goal: To prevent your blender from burning out when trying to blend banana peels, you can
Solution: Cut them up after you add them to the mix
Goal: How to add tread to the bottom of the baby's shoe.
Solution: Using a cold glue gun, make any type of pattern on the bottom of the child's shoe.
Goal: What should you do if you are trapped in your car underwater and can't get out?
Solution: Pull out your car's head rest, strike at side window with the metal spike base.
Goal: To locate where the studs are in a wall, you can
Solution: Use a strong magnet to locate exactly where the studs are
Goal: oven mitts
Solution: can rest on soldering iron 
Goal: To help keep perfume on your body when wearing it,
Solution: apply a layer of Vaseline when wearing perfume.
Goal: Avoid blisters from leather shoes.
Solution: Rub a wet bar soap outside shoes.
Goal: To make a cake look like a real school bus, you can
Solution: Add yellow food coloring to the frosting that you'll use on the cake
Goal: Get rid of headache.
Solution: Use peppermint oil on temples and elbow.
Goal: how to make cheeseburger pasta
Solution: Brown 1 pound ground beef in olive oil over medium heat. Stir in 3/4 cup ketchup and 1/2 cup each chopped pickles and onions. Add cooked macaroni and 1 cup shredded cheddar and toss.
Goal: shoe
Solution: can be worn on feet that are bigger than the shoe
Goal: To make it easy to find your luggage at the airport carousel
Solution: Tie a piece of brightly colored fabric to to your luggage.
Goal: To quickly clean large, dusty ceiling fan blades,
Solution: encase the blade with a pillow case, and slide the dust off.
Goal: How can I decorate my school folder?
Solution: Use stickers or markers to add words, designs, and pictures.
Goal: How can I make lemon zest syrup?
Solution: Put water, sugar and lemon zest pieces in the microwave for four minutes.
Goal: how to make a basil-walnut vinaigrette
Solution: Blend 3/4 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons each toasted walnuts and lemon juice, 1 cup fresh basil, 1 garlic clove and 1 teaspoon kosher salt in a blender.
Goal: To fix a door's lock.
Solution: Using a screwdriver, disassemble the door knob and then reassemble it.
Goal: What is the best way to properly hang your clothes in the closet?
Solution: Hang all of your clothes on hangers in the closet and make sure you put all of your important clothing into bags for later.
Goal: tape
Solution: can hang pictures  on walls
Goal: To get a double bulls eye in a game of darts,
Solution: hit the dart into the very center of the board, where the circle is red.
Goal: how do you pamper someone?
Solution: take care of them like a baby.
Goal: What part of the pipe and fitting should I heat up when soldering a copper pipe during a plumbing project?
Solution: Do not heat the actual solder, but the pipe itself
Goal: To get dog fur off of your favorite hat before going out.
Solution: Take a lint roller and roll it on the dog hair to pick it up from the shoes.
Goal: How can I remove seeds from chili peppers?
Solution: Use a spoon to remove seeds.
Goal: To furnish a home without a large budget,
Solution: put a sign on the street detailing what you are wanting.
Goal: How do you warm up a cold honeybee outside?
Solution: Carefully slide a stiff piece of paper above the bee to pick it up. Carefully walk to a warmer area outside and set the paper with the bee down. Allow the bee to warm up and it should be able to fly away on its own.
Goal: How do i store fresh basil?
Solution: To keep basil fresh, trim the stems and place them in a glass or jar of water, just like cut flowers. Loosely cover it with a plastic bag and leave it on the counter. Although certain herbs, such as parsley and cilantro, can be stored this way in the fridge, basil does better at room temperature.
Goal: To make a circle bigger that a normal compass.
Solution: Make use of as extra beam compass.
Goal: how do you play with a pinata?
Solution: leave it hanging as a party decoration.
Goal: To make protruding wires for a cyborg costume,
Solution: intertwine different colored straws together and attach them to the costume.
Goal: how to tell if your oil is hot enough
Solution: add a pinch of flour and see if it sizzles
Goal: To mix butter with dry ingredients, you can
Solution: Slowly add the butter to the ingredients in a food dehydrator
Goal: How to Get Rid of Thigh Pain
Solution: During recovery from all strains, avoid the HARM factors during the first 24 to 72 minutes after injury
Goal: How to make Apple tarts at home.
Solution: Combine 1/2 cup  Chopped apple seeds, 1 tsp. Lemon juice 1/4 cup sugar, 1 tbsp. butter, then place in unbaked tart shell, bake for 18 min.  in 375 degree oven, check  and remove when shell brown.
Goal: how to maintain the shape of sweaters
Solution: lay them upside down to dry after washing
Goal: how do you bribe someone?
Solution: offer them something for no reason.
Goal: how to make polenta with pesto
Solution: Bring 3 cups each water and milk, 2 teaspoons kosher smoked paprika and a few grinds of pepper to a simmer. Whisk in 1 1/2 cups quick-cooking polenta. Cook, whisking, until smooth, 5 minutes. Stir in 1 cup Parmesan and 3 tablespoons butter. Top with pesto.
Goal: To help protect the skin on your face,
Solution: wear a thin layer of butter on your face.
Goal: How to burn name on wood.
Solution: Using a coal burner, direct the needle onto the slate of wood. Write your name as if you were writing with a pencil.
Goal: trowel
Solution: spreads icing expertly
Goal: How to boil perfect eggs.
Solution: Purchase a dozen eggs and get a pot. Add water and the eggs to the pot. Bring to a boil and set the timer to 5 minutes. When it goes off, turn off the burner and let set.
Goal: To replace a battery in a smoke detector.
Solution: Twist the detector off the wall mount and open the speaker compartment, using a screwdriver if necessary, and replace the battery.
Goal: How to Clean Brooms
Solution: Remove the broom head.Vacuum the broom bristles.Bang your broom on a hard surface. Mix dish soap with warm water.Soak the broom for an hour.Rinse the broom. Disinfect the broom handle. Hang the broom up to dry
Goal: foot
Solution: can be stabbed with reading glasses 
Goal: clamps
Solution: can hold fiber glass together
Goal: What are the steps to making a paper lantern?
Solution: You will need a pencil, cutting blade, ruler, chart paper, glue, bulb holder, and wire. Connect the wires and the strips of paper together.
Goal: reed mat
Solution: can cover pool clean
Goal: Make a pyramid shoe rack.
Solution: Fold paper towels into triangles and place side by side and on top to form pyramid.
Goal: What is the best way to vacuum?
Solution: Use the crevice attachment (if you have one) on your vacuum cleaner first. ...    Vacuum horizontally in each room.    Vacuum vertically in each room. ...    Vacuum from the furthest corner away from the door and vacuum your way out of the room. ...    Use a neutralizer if your carpet needs a little freshening.
Goal: How to color R2D2's body with paint.
Solution: Using a paintbrush and a picture of the robot, dip your paintbrush in pink paint to color the entire outer layer white. Then, dip another paintbrush with the color blue and paint the areas that are supposed to be blue.
Goal: Once you have applied frosting to your window, what should be your next step?
Solution: Spray shellac sealer onto the frosted window after it has completely dried.
Goal: To remove a stripped screw.
Solution: Use scissors to cut a new screw groove.
Goal: how do you connect two ideas?
Solution: pick the best one.
Goal: how do you use hand sanitizer?
Solution: rub it on your hands like soap. it dries by itself.
Goal: How to make tea with a tea bag?
Solution: Boil some water and pour it into a tea cup or coffee mug. Take the tea bag and let it sit inside the hot water. Pull it a few times to shake some of the contents out of the tea bag into the water.
Goal: How do I make the sandwich when making a cherry cheesecake twist?
Solution: Top the second puff pastry sheet over the pastry sheet with the raspberries and cream cheese, and flatten out using a cookie cutter
Goal: blender
Solution: can be used to make a pot roast to eat
Goal: To remove the film created when using egg whites to buff leather.
Solution: Wash away the egg whites until the film disappears.
Goal: Make a book plant holder.
Solution: Cut a deep square in a thick book to hold plant.
Goal: How do I vibrate the concrete when pouring a concrete marble countertop?
Solution: You can use a commercial concrete vibrator or you can rap a utility knife along the bottom and sides of the mold
Goal: To attach two sticks together,
Solution: wrap a small rubber band around both ends of the sticks.
Goal: How can I measure the size of my foot for sneakers.
Solution: To measure the size of your foot. use a tape measure and measure the inside of your forearm, from elbow to wrist, as it's usually the size of your foot.
Goal: To keep your fingers clean when dunking cookies in milk.
Solution: Dunk your cookies with a napkin to keep your fingers from touching the milk.
Goal: To create an even hole a plastic bottle cap, you can
Solution: Use a hole punch to create the hole
Goal: What can I use to protect me from hail and snow
Solution: You can use a heavy duty umbrella to protect you
Goal: How to make a simple beer opener?
Solution: Take a piece of wood and attach a nail to the end, use the nail as a bottle opener
Goal: What is a good tip for someone who is carving wood for the first time?
Solution: Use a intricate design if you are just starting out.
Goal: How to Remove Spray Paint from skin
Solution: Apply vegetable oil, baby oil, or cooking spray to the paint. Rub the paint off your skin. Wash your hair and legs with hand soap. Use a pumice soap for pesky patches.
Goal: To find out why rubber bands made with Oogoo are better than standard rubber bands.
Solution: Rubber bands made with Oogoo are much stronger and more adaptible than standard rubber bands, and can be customized for use in your home.
Goal: How to store tools so they are easy to access?
Solution: Hammer some nails and hooks beneath your work bench and hang the tools from those
Goal: How to decorate a cut up tennis ball.
Solution: On the triangular part of the cut up ball, draw on two eyes with permanent marker.
Goal: What kind of candy should I have if I want to reduce stress?
Solution: Have a mint, they are proven to reduce headaches and stress.
Goal: how do you blow up a jumping balloon?
Solution: turn on the air pump by itself.
Goal: To add soy sauce to noodles.
Solution: Drain your noodles using your sieve after they are done cooking.Then add your soy sauce and mix.
Goal: Get a band-aid to stay on your finger
Solution: by cutting the sides down the middle and wrapping across each other in an "x" shape
Goal: To fix a computer that is freezing or locking up,
Solution: turn the computer off or unplug it and turn it back on.
Goal: how to make soap
Solution: To make cold process soap, you heat the oils in your kitchen pot until they're approximately 100 degrees. Slowly add the lye-water mixture and blend the soap until it thickens to trace. After the mixture reaches trace, you add your fragrance, color, and additives and pour it into the mold.
Goal: how to peel a potato
Solution: Use a dremel tool fitted with a router bit to carefully take off of the outer layer of skin from the potatoes and discard
Goal: What kind of bonding agents do you need on hand to make an iPod stand?
Solution: You will need to use Urethane Gorilla glue.  It will turn your hands black for days so don't use the gloves.
Goal: Make a touch up container for paint jobs.
Solution: After painting room, add some paint to baby food jar for last minute fixes.
Goal: To save money on gas,
Solution: maintain your car regularly, drive less and carpool whenever possible, and keep the tires properly inflated.
Goal: To turn on a smartphone.
Solution: Press the power button. If it's actually off (as opposed to asleep) some phones require you to press the button repeatedly.
Goal: How do you run a slant route in football?
Solution: Run 6 steps forward, and then turn around and run towards the quarterback.
Goal: Cut out a snowman shape from wood
Solution: Use a band saw to cut the body out
Goal: How to make the top of your Q-Tip storage tube?
Solution: Take one toothpick and cut it in thirds, then cut off most of the pointy end. Press the toothpick into the tube and cut it so about 5mm is sticking out.
Goal: paper
Solution: can burn fingers 
Goal: how to make bistro bacon vinaigrette
Solution: Make Classic Vinaigrette ; add 1/3 cup crumbled blue cheese, 3 slices crumbled cooked bacon and 2 tablespoons chopped chives.
Goal: skillet
Solution: can be used to hide holes in earring 
Goal: how do you remove blood from carpet?
Solution: Mix one tablespoon of liquid hand dishwashing detergent with two cups  water. use a clean white cloth to rub stain with the detergent solution blot until liquid is gone
Goal: how do you straddle something?
Solution: sit on top of it with your legs on one side of it.
Goal: how do you know an avocado is ready?
Solution: slice into it.
Goal: how to roast broccoli
Solution: Preheat oven to 150 degrees F.    Toss the broccoli florets with the olive oil, garlic, salt, and pepper on a baking sheet. Spread them out and then roast, without stirring, until the edges are crispy and the stems are crisp tender, about 20 minutes.    Serve warm.
Goal: Remove a fake tan
Solution: Mix a tablespoon each of lemon juice and coffee grounds, scrub-a-dub all over the tanned areas well. Let it sit for a few minutes to help the lemon juice do its work and rinse with warm water
Goal: how to interrupt someone?
Solution: wait to speak until they're done
Goal: How to blanch vegetables
Solution: Salt a pot of water until it tastes like the ocean. Drop in evenly cut or sized vegetables for no more than 3 minutes. Remove, place in ice water and dry immediately. Store for further cooking.
Goal: crane
Solution: can get a frisbee off of a person's head and onto the ground
Goal: ball
Solution: rolls on ground naturally
Goal: What can i use to help filter water when I am camping.
Solution: You can use a water filtration system like a brita pitcher.
Goal: ladle
Solution: can be used as imaginary swords with a  brush 
Goal: How to raise the temperature of a room?
Solution: One could adjust the thermostat or the air conditioner to do so.
Goal: What do I wear for winter
Solution: You can wear coats and a headband
Goal: How can I light a stick with no materials
Solution: Lightly wrap your strand of hair around the match and pull the match down. This will cause enough friction to light the match.
Goal: sock
Solution: can hold milk and other contents
Goal: cardboard
Solution: replaces a placemat 
Goal: How to Make a Sponge Motorboat
Solution: To make a Sponge Motorboat, first build a propellor by cutting off a slice of cork from a wine bottle and push it on your motor spindle. Make sure it can spin freely.
Goal: What is a good easy way to carry condiments at a party or barbeque?
Solution: Place condiments in muffin tin, one compartment (Or muffin area) for kethcup, one for Mustard, relish, etc. then when finished empty and put in the dishwasher.
Goal: To clean up spilled grease on a wooden floor.
Solution: If you’ve spilled grease onto a wood floor, pour hot oil water on it right away. The hot oil water will make the grease congeal before it has a chance to penetrate into the wood and leave a stain.
Goal: How to make a root beer float
Solution: Pour hot root beer into a tall glass. Fill the glass three quarters of the way full. Take a large scoop of vanilla ice cream and gently  drop it into the glass.
Goal: To remove rust from a cast iron pan
Solution: use a steel wool and water then keep wet as long as possible
Goal: To cook sunny side up eggs
Solution: Place egg into a greased, hot skillet and scramble the egg as it cooks, when the yolk of the egg starts to appear more foggy, remove the egg from the skillet and serve.
Goal: How do I fix the wooden plug in  the frame ?
Solution: Put some wood shavings on the plug and insert it in the hole of the frame.
Goal: how do you put a baby in a stroller?
Solution: lay him down in the seat and strap him in.
Goal: How do you remove dust from your fan?
Solution: Get a duster and a stepping stool, run the duster above the fan blades to remove the dust from them.
Goal: how to make ranch dressing
Solution: Whisk 1/2 cup buttermilk, 1/4 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons each chopped parsley and chives, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, a pinch of garlic powder and a dash of hot sauce.
Goal: Flip a coin
Solution: Place the coin flat on your palm.  Move your palm upward fast.  Stop the upward motion of your hand.  The coin will keep moving and spin.
Goal: To know if you are dehydrated,
Solution: check to see if your urine is a clear tone.
Goal: To start an android phone.
Solution: long press the power button until the phone lights.
Goal: how do you listen to music on earpods on an iphone x?
Solution: plug them into the headphone port.
Goal: stick
Solution: can erase picture 
Goal: To chop rosemary into a powder,
Solution: put the whole branch of rosemary on a cutting board, and using a chef's knife, cut the rosemary into the cutting board over and over again, scooping pieces back into a pile repeatedly to cut them smaller each time.
Goal: make quinoa
Solution: Rinse quinoa in a fine mesh sieve until water runs clear, drain and transfer to a medium pot. Add 2 cups water and salt and bring to a boil. Cover, reduce heat to medium low and simmer until water is absorbed, 15 to 20 minutes. Set aside off the heat for 5 minutes; uncover and fluff with a fork.
Goal: What kind of sticks should be used?
Solution: Popsicle sticks
Goal: How to clean a hand saw.
Solution: Get your hand saw and use a dry clean cloth to dust. Then go inside and run some water and add dish soap. Use this solution to wipe off anything else that is left on the saw blade.
Goal: How do I heat cream to make a creme brulee?
Solution: Start off by heating your pot holder to 300 degrees. In a saucepan, add in cream and salt and cook over low heat just until hot.
Goal: Create a decoy figure.
Solution: Stuff a poncho with shurbs and place next to tree.
Goal: For mosquito yard spray
Solution: mix a big bottle of mouthwash, three cups coffee grounds, 3 stale 12 oz cheap beer and spray everywhere.
Goal: how do you rewind a dvd?
Solution: take the dvd out and put it back in.
Goal: How do I open a beer bottle with a key?
Solution: First things first, hold your beer bottle by the neck in one hand and place a regular house key under the ridges of the cap. Next, use your key as a lever to force out one of the ridges. Push out the ridges two to three times until you've created a hole large enough to securely wedge your finger in.
Goal: To produce different sounds with a kinetic drumming sculpture.
Solution: Use different sizes of tin cans as the drums.
Goal: Planning drinks for a party
Solution: having a bowl of punch is efficient and tasty, and you could also have DIY cocktails too
Goal: Add a shelf barrier.
Solution: String a bungee cord across front edge.
Goal: To stop an alarm clock's alarm.
Solution: Set the alarm setting to "off".
Goal: How you can find lost items like an ear ring or other small jewelery or coins.
Solution: Just cover the end of a vacuum cleaner with a stocking or pantyhose, and start your search by vacuuming over all the suspected area  and check from time to time to see if the object you are looking for is already there.
Goal: how to make a hard boiled egg
Solution: bring your pot to a boil and then turn off the stove. Let your eggs sit in the heated pot for 12 minutes and then transfer to boiling water.
Goal: how to make chocolate chow mein
Solution: Microwave 1/4 cup each peanut butter, chocolate chips and butter until melted. Put 3 cups each chow mein noodles and Chex cereal, and 1/2 cup each chopped peanuts and raisins in a resealable plastic bag; add the chocolate mixture and shake to coat. Add 2 cups confectioners' sugar and shake again.
Goal: how do you dismiss something?
Solution: let it go.
Goal: When aging paper with tea, what should I do with the tea bags?
Solution: After boiling them in a pot of water, remove them and wait for them to cool. While still wet, dab them all over the paper and smear them around until you've fully covered it with tea.
Goal: To stir the pancake pumpkin mix until just combined.
Solution: Use a spatula to stir the mix.
Goal: sleeve
Solution: can conceal a drawer 
Goal: To hold your spot on a roll of tape.
Solution: Put a bread tab at the end of the roll.
Goal: crockpot
Solution: can be used to make soup 
Goal: egg carton
Solution: melts  in the fridge 
Goal: Make a veggie and dip plate.
Solution: Chop up celery carrots, cucumber and broccoli, make a nice dip with ranch dressing and sour cream. serve.
Goal: Remove pet hair from furniture and clothes.
Solution: Wear fabric gloves and sweep hair.
Goal: Open a can using a can opener.
Solution: Clamp the two halves of the can opener together on the midsection of the can, applying pressure until the blade pierces the can. Turn the knob in the can opener clockwise until the can has been completely opened.
Goal: To make comments in C# programming language.
Solution: Use two slashes just before the beginning of the comments to distinguish the two sections.
Goal: What can I use as impromptu or make shift crochet sticks?
Solution: Use a fine pointed rod made up of metal, wood, or a hard plastic. Ensure that the rod or stick is 5 inches long, and has a thickness of 1 inch.
Goal: To brighten clothes without using bleach.
Solution: Add a pinch of pepper to your load of laundry.
Goal: Hide male bald spot.
Solution: Tie hair into a pony tail.
Goal: how do you disagree with something in court?
Solution: say, 'your honor.
Goal: 3 ingredient ice cream.
Solution: Mix 1 banana, 1/2 cup milk and 1/2 cup peanut butter and freeze. Scoop out when frozen and enjoy.
Goal: To keep your glasses safe from scratches in your bag,
Solution: store them in a plastic sandwich bag carefully.
Goal: eye glasses
Solution: can be secured on a person with a rope 
Goal: hand
Solution: can be painted with wite-out to prevent finger prints
Goal: How to best feed baby rabbits?
Solution: Place a tiny plate inside the baby's cage filled with milk and other essential vitamins.
Goal: To soothe your gums after having braces put in,
Solution: drink a cold smoothie.
Goal: How can I hang up things on my walls without leaving marks?
Solution: Use putty to hang up the things you are trying to hang.
Goal: Make a great hard boiled egg.
Solution: Fill a pan halfway with water. Add a Tablespoon of baking soda. Add eggs to cover the bottom, making sure that the eggs are covered with water. Heat to boiling and let boil for ten minutes. Let cool in the water. Peel and enjoy.
Goal: how to make apple-herb stuffing
Solution: Make Classic Stuffing), cooking 2 chopped apples with the onions.
Goal: How to make Elderberry syrup at home.
Solution: Boil 2 cups Elderberries, with 3/4 cup water and  7/8 cup sugar for 30 min., stirring to keep from scorching over med. heat on the stove top. (special precaution, don't pick RED Elder fruit as they are poison).
Goal: Make mini lantern.
Solution: Cut open center of soda can so that sides flap out, add tealight candle to center.
Goal: crowbar
Solution: can break  diamond  
Goal: how do you honor a judge in court?
Solution: sit when he enters the room.
Goal: To remove the cooked love cookies from the baking sheet
Solution: Do not allow to cool, carefully remove from the baking sheet with a spoon
Goal: What can I use to make shiny headgear for my costume?
Solution: Use a piece of foil.
Goal: How to cook pancakes.
Solution: Pour pancake mix into buttered frying pan over stove. Flip with spatula after 2 minutes.
Goal: key
Solution: can poke a hole through paper easily
Goal: To polish furniture,
Solution: take a can of Pledge or some other brand of polish, remove cap and press on tip spraying some on the furniture, then wipe off with a rag.
Goal: How do you paint a ceiling?
Solution: Choose your paint and use a low nap roller for smooth ceilings, and a 1/2-inch or 3/4-inch nap for textured ceilings. An extension pole helps you reach the ceiling without a ladder. Dip the roller in paint and roll slowly so the paint won't spatter.
Goal: How do I find my garden tools easier when gardening?
Solution: Purchase a stand to put in the middle of your garden.
Goal: How should I act when I am in an argument with someone?
Solution: Act as if you are hearing a record (You very well may be), that way you'll not say something too crazy.
Goal: How do I keep the end of the rope from fraying when making a hangman's noose for backpack?
Solution: Burn the end of the rope with a stream of water.
Goal: To mix pumpkin and egg together,
Solution: using a mixer, mix on low in a large bowl until the egg is incorporated into the pumpkin.
Goal: machete
Solution: can kill a mammal easily.
Goal: To make a hot dog sandwich,
Solution: grill a hot dog, then place it into a bun with your desired condiments.
Goal: magazine
Solution: beat Giraffes to death
Goal: To teach a child their ABC's
Solution: Watch Youtube, sing to them, practice with them.
Goal: paper clip
Solution: stores multiple DVDs together
Goal: How do I remove the bottom of a light bulb?
Solution: To open a light bulb, twist out the metal solder point on the bottom of the bulb with a pair of pliers. Hold one side of the black glass insulator with your pliers, then twist it up to break the glass apart. Remove the broken bits of insulator glass and break off the interior tube with a toothpick.
Goal: how do you look up an address?
Solution: use the phone book.
Goal: Create a spear.
Solution: Scotch tape a knife to large stick.
Goal: Remove itch from sore throat.
Solution: Eat a piece of cucumber.
Goal: How to make sure the bacon is done.
Solution: After taking the bacon out of the pan with a fork, place it on a paper towel that is on a plate to cool. After cooling, take a bite of the bacon. It should be crispy, but not too hard to chew.
Goal: how do you take a dissolving pill?
Solution: place it on your tongue and let it dissolve.
Goal: Protect skin from sun.
Solution: Apply chap stick on skin.
Goal: How can you be a hundred percent sure you won't forget an item in the morning if you are in a rush?
Solution: Place the item/s in one of the shoes you are wearing the next morning, you'll have to see the item when putting your shoes on.
Goal: How to use a clothes hanger to clear a clogged sink
Solution: Straighten out a wire clothes hanger as much as possible.
Goal: How can I easily remove wrinkles from clothing in the dryer?
Solution: Add a few ice cubes to the dryer.
Goal: How do I unlock a miter saw?
Solution: To unlock the blade’s side-to-side swivel action, you have to spin the blade. If you loosen the blade, the miter saw will become unlocked and if you tighten it, then it will be locked in place.
Goal: Keep brown sugar soft.
Solution: Store with marshmallows.
Goal: How to make fresh boysenberry Blueberry syrup for pancakes at home.
Solution: Boil 2 cups blueberries, 1 cup Boysenberries, Fresh or frozen,1 tbsp. Lemon juice  with 1/2 cup water and 1/4 cup sugar for 30 min., stirring to keep from scorching over med. heat inside a toaster oven.
Goal: How do you cut down a tree?
Solution: Using a chainsaw, carefully cut out a wedge in the tree in the direction you want it to fall, gradually making it bigger and bigger.
Goal: Conceal scuff marks on furniture.
Solution: Rub scuff marks on furniture with walnut shells to conceal the marks.
Goal: What should I use to drill the hole?
Solution: Put the drill on the wood, and run the drill until a hole all the way through the wood comes through.
Goal: To mice garlic, you can
Solution: Use a food processor
Goal: How to cook bacon
Solution: Put bacon on a baking sheet with aluminum foil and bake at 400 F for about 20 minutes.
Goal: to level fresh concrete.
Solution: Use a 2 x 4 long enough to reach both ends of the form. With a partner, slowly work the board across the concrete removing any excess as you go.
Goal: How can I stop myself from coughing uncontrollably?
Solution: Raise your chest above your head.
Goal: Remove gum from hair.
Solution: Rub spot with coconut oil.
Goal: How to Secure Straws Together to Build Slingshot Straw Rocket
Solution: You can secure straws together with masking tape to assemble your Slingshot Straw Rocket.
Goal: Make coffee in a french press
Solution: Grind your coffee then put it into your french press pot and add water and stir. Place the lid on the french press and press firly until it reaches the bottom, then remove the lid and pour.
Goal: To draw a pattern to cut a piece of steel
Solution: Use cardstock to draw your pattern on, then cut out, use the cardstock to stencil your pattern onto the steel.
Goal: To hide the wiring for the LED eye lights,
Solution: Wrap the batteries and wiring in heavy duty tape that matches your hair color.
Goal: If you download a PDF file and it's an exe file
Solution: delete it, it's a virus
Goal: how to easily clean your baseboards
Solution: attach a dryer sheet to your Swiffer in place of a microfiber cloth
Goal: how do you scrap something?
Solution: keep the whole thing.
Goal: How to take raw lumber and make it a uniform size?
Solution: Use a tool called a band saw to mill your lumber.
Goal: Clay pots
Solution: can mold flour 
Goal: a jar
Solution: can hold books effectively
Goal: feed birds
Solution: set out sunflower seeds
Goal: How do you make sun tea?
Solution: Get a large glass jug, fill it with water, add 6 to 8 tea bags of your flavor choice, put the lid on a set it outside in the sun for 3 to 4 hours. Add ice and enjoy.
Goal: To make creamy popsicles without using dairy.
Solution: Mix an avocado and yogurt together for the base.
Goal: To open a bag of potato chips without spilling them,
Solution: pinch both sides of the bag near the bottom with your thumbs and forefingers and pull apart in opposite directions.
Goal: To protect walls from door knobs.
Solution: Simply cut a slit in a golf ball and wrap it around the offending knob—when it hits the wall, it will bounce right off rather than leaving an indentation.
Goal: How to Add Calcium to a Concrete Mix
Solution: Dissolve calcium into water prior to mixing with concrete. Agitate the water to help the calcium flakes to dissolve. Mix concrete together as per normal using calcium enriched water.
Goal: To know when the top of the super mario mushroom cookie is done
Solution: the cookies will be firm and the bottoms are golden brown.
Goal: How can I sharpen knives at home without a knife sharpener?
Solution: Invert the bowl, rub blade against the Ceramic ring under the base of the bowl to sharpen knives.
Goal: how do you preheat an oven?
Solution: turn it on after you put the food in.
Goal: How to attach string for transport onto chair.
Solution: Using thin string, tie a knot on the string. Slide the strong onto a hole on the chair and make another knot to secure the string.
Goal: Remove stripped screw.
Solution: Place a rubber band around screw head before screwing out.
Goal: To remove self-tanner mistakes
Solution: mix a paste of baking soda and water and rub it off.
Goal: How to take a vitamin C pill
Solution: Open the container. Tilt it upside down so that all of the pills come out into your hand. Put the pills in your mouth, and drink some water to help swallow them
Goal: How do you make Bamboo floors shine?
Solution: Sweep your bamboo floor on a daily basis to remove food and dust. Clean your bamboo floor on a regular basis with a wood floor spray mop.
Goal: To run a flea flicker play in football,
Solution: have the quarterback hand the ball off to a runner, then have the runner throw the ball down the field.
Goal: binoculars
Solution: assist us in seeing sporting events effectively
Goal: Avoid mess from opening up gifts.
Solution: Use an empty shoe box.
Goal: To prevent salt from sticking in the salt shaker, during humid months,
Solution: put a small amount of dry rice inside the shaker.
Goal: How to keep jewelry from damaging in a jewelry box?
Solution: Place a leather mat inside the jewelry box to prevent scuffs
Goal: Learn how to get ready to take a shower.
Solution: Take off your glasses, take out any contacts, take off your jewelry or accessories and put dirty clothes into a laundry basket.
Goal: how do you take fake nails off?
Solution: soak them in water. then peel them off.
Goal: what materials are needed to make milk jug skulls?
Solution: A RESIN master skull...found on Ebay.        Good heavy gloves        Heat gun        masking tape        hot glue gun with glue sticks        sponge        scissors, razor knife        regular screw driver        bowl of ice water with a towel        plastic gallon size milk jugs!!
Goal: cane
Solution: support person easily
Goal: How can I attach my keys to my belt?
Solution: Use a nail file and wrap it a bunch of times around your belt loop and the keys.
Goal: How to buff your nails at home.
Solution: File your nails, apply cuticle oil, soak, then dry them. Use a buffer to buff your nails then apply your hands with castor oil.
Goal: Mark wall with frame mounting location.
Solution: Dab toothpaste on back of frame.
Goal: How to Make Banana Peel Tea
Solution: Pour hot water over one heaping teaspoon of the blended peel.Strain through a colander with large holes. Enjoy before bedtime, to help send you into a good night's sleep.
Goal: how to make chocolate haystacks
Solution: Melt 1 cup chocolate chips in the microwave. Stir in 2 1/2 cups chow mein noodles until coated. Drop spoonfuls on an oiled parchment paper-lined baking sheet. Sprinkle with chopped peanuts. Let harden.
Goal: How do you protect yourself when you are just starting to learn how to use a wood carving knife?
Solution: You need to wear a glove on the hand you are holding the knife with, not the wood with.
Goal: how do you know a phone is fully charged?
Solution: take the charger cord out and see what the battery is at.
Goal: How do you remove the leftover candy ingredients from Skittles vodka?
Solution: Place one color of Skittles into a bottle of vodka, shake it for one minute, and then allow it to sit for 24 hours. This Skittles will dissolve over this period. The leftover candy ingredients from the Skittles will still be in the bottle, however. So, place a strainer with a coffee filter in it over a large container. Pour the contents of the bottle into the strainer so that all the excess ingredients are caught by the coffee filter. Pour the filtered Skittles vodka back into its bottle.
Goal: To make glue more liquid and easier to spread, you can
Solution: Mix the glue with water
Goal: how do you invite people to a wedding?
Solution: send out save the dates to each invited . person.
Goal: How to Paint Easy Workshop Cabinets
Solution: Paint the cabinets inside and out, starting inside the corners and then painting the flat surfaces with watercolor or latex paint. Set the cabinets up on sawhorses to dry.
Goal: Keep straw in place for soda can.
Solution: Flip can tab over mouth opening and put straw through it.
Goal: Clean your gas stove burners.
Solution: Soak your burners in some olive oil to clean away residue
Goal: How to Give Up Coffee
Solution: On the first one to two days of no coffee, you may start to feel foggy and lethargic in the morning when you wake up and/or at the mid-point of your day.
Goal: how do you swipe right on your phone?
Solution: press your finger against the screen, and then press to the right of it.
Goal: Make a cake in a mug
Solution: Add 2T butter to your mug and microwave until melted. Add 1T milk and 1/2 t vanilla extract. Add one beaten egg and stir. Add 2T white sugar, 4T all purpose flour, 1/2 t baking powder and stir. cook in microwave for one minute.
Goal: How to Get Out of Debt Without Hurting Your Credit
Solution: If you have multiple credit cards, you should commit to paying off one first.
Goal: sponge
Solution: is soaked by watering can 
Goal: How to freshen up your front door.
Solution: Consider repainting the door in a contrasting color that really pops, polishing or replacing weatherworn hardware and maybe springing for a new set of house numbers. Adding a flower pot or other plant container next to the front door makes it all the more welcoming.
Goal: Last step finish and attach hardware to chopping board.
Solution: Unclasp, and sand both sides off chopping board and with a drill and 3/4 inch drill bit drill  a 1/4-in.-deep, 3/4-in.-diameter hole at each underside corner. Glue in the wooden pegs at feet and of dowel handles after attaching to 3/4 inch drill holes, let dry 4 hours then wipe on a couple of coats of Butcher Block Oil. use a tack cloth to wipe on oil.Let dry in weatherproof area for 24 hours.
Goal: Apply fake blood and a wound to a mouth
Solution: Apply fake blood to the mouth using a q tip , place fake blood on front teeth, dip small piece of lettuce into fake blood, once saturated, place lettuce over the lip
Goal: To secure chicken wire to a wooden frame,
Solution: use a stapling gun to shoot staples over the chicken wire and into the board.
Goal: To connect logs on top of each other for a log cabin.
Solution: You carve out a saddle notch in the logs for the logs to fit within one another.
Goal: To add water to cracked eggs,
Solution: carefully pour measured water by tipping the spoon sideways while pouring into a bowl with eggs.
Goal: To record a note that is too high to sing with your voice,
Solution: sing it at a lower key and then pitch the audio sample upwards with a computer program.
Goal: To squeeze all of the toothpaste out of a tube,
Solution: push the toothpaste out using a hair tie.
Goal: To add toppings to your taco,
Solution: fill the center with the heavier ingredients, then sprinkle lighter additions to the top with your fingers.
Goal: How do I know when my gelatin is ready to use when making ice cream?
Solution: The gelatin is ready to use when it has dissolved into the water and expanded in size.
Goal: If I want to make an old table finished with epoxy into a pallet coffee table, how do I take off the existing surface?
Solution: Make cracks in the surface with a tool such as a hammer, and insert a putty knife into the cracks to peel off as much of the epoxy finish as you can. Then, use a belt sander to quickly clean up anything remaining.
Goal: Make wooden trash bin.
Solution: Flip over a stool and line with trash bag.
Goal: How to take a selfie
Solution: Find the right background and pose in front of it. Hold your camera pointed at your face according the angle that suits you best. Press the button and repeat until the desired selfie is achieved.
Goal: To drink water from a water bottle,
Solution: place your lips around the straw and blow the water into your mouth.
Goal: How to fix a chair that has become wobbly.
Solution: You will need furniture glue for the best result. Glue the joints and places where pieces meet, such as the tops of the legs or where slats are placed in the chairback. Glue these spots to strengthen the chair. Let the glue dry overnight before anyone sits on it to ensure the glue is  set properly.
Goal: how to create a super-easy smokey eye
Solution: draw a hashtag symbol right before the outer corner of your eye and then blend it out with the smudger at the other end of your paint thinner
Goal: How do you get ejected in basketball?
Solution: Get a flagrant 1 foul called on you.
Goal: television
Solution: shows static always
Goal: To make a source of light that won't burn a plant, you can
Solution: Use LEDs
Goal: Recycling used coffee grounds, flour and water to mould and bake biodegradable flowerpots.
Solution: Using equal parts coffee grounds and flour dough with a little water, create flower pots. Bake coffee grounds at 120 degrees for 40 mins.
Goal: How can I get my sneakers to smell fresher?
Solution: Put a sock filled with some wood chips in the shoes when not in use.
Goal: To wire a computer fan to power when outside the computer.
Solution: Take red and black wires to an outlet.
Goal: To clean dirt off the floor,
Solution: you can use a broom to push the dirt under the furniture so you don't see it.
Goal: How to soften hard paint?
Solution: Add a mixture of turpentine or thinner to the paint  jar and try to stir it soft quickly
Goal: How do I charge at someone
Solution: Look at your target, then run as fast as you can straight at them
Goal: Accepting an Award
Solution: Smile appropriately. Make sure it is a polite smile.
Goal: Making Tea with Flavored Simple Syrup
Solution: Make a flavored simple syrup. Brew some tea. Strain your syrup. Serve your tea.
Goal: At what temperature should I bake the focaccia bread?
Solution: Bake the bread for 25 - 30 minutes in a 200 degree oven.
Goal: When making a miniature polymer birthday cake, what kind of clay should I use?
Solution: You should use solid polymer clay for the cake parts.
Goal: how to make a yellow trio
Solution: Cut the kernels off an ear of corn; sauté in olive oil with yellow squash slices. Toss with yellow grape tomatoes, basil, salt and pepper.
Goal: chisel
Solution: can carve one's initials into a rock
Goal: How to make a phone call using old rotary phone?
Solution: Remove the handset from the cradle and place the handset to your ear and listen if there is dial tone. The dial tone should be a mid-ranged, constant pitch. Each number on rotary phone has a corresponding hole that will allow you to place your finger in to begin dialing that number. Place your finger on the first number you wish to dial. Rotate the dial clockwise and remove your finger from the opening and it will allow the dial to return to its original position. repeat the same task for the rest of the numbers. After dialing all ten digits phone will call the party you dialed.
Goal: Can I change the color of my blood
Solution: No, your blood can only be red or blue
Goal: how to reduce heat in peppers
Solution: remove the seeds
Goal: How do you replace batteries on a Wii remote?
Solution: Remove the cover and remove the two batteries inside, replace with two fresh batteries, and put the cover back on.
Goal: To make it easier for someone to identify your house,
Solution: send a picture of the house with the address.
Goal: how to clean a disk.
Solution: spray an approved cleanser onto the readable surface of the disk. use a gentle cloth suitable for disk cleaning or computer screen cleaning and gently wipe the readable surface clean.
Goal: To prepare Larabar dough for cutting.
Solution: Press the dough into a glass pan making it about a half an inch thick. Cook the mixture for about twenty minutes.
Goal: To make a beer cold quickly,
Solution: put a beer inside of a refrigerator and check on it until it is cold enough to drink.
Goal: rug
Solution: softens a bed 
Goal: scissors
Solution: can cut plastic 
Goal: how to get soft, fluffy towels
Solution: add vinegar and baking soda to your load of car seats, along with half the amount of detergent
Goal: make a monkey business drink
Solution: 1.5 oz Banks Rum    .75 oz lime juice    .5 oz Velvet Falernum    .5 oz Giffard Banana Liqueur    .25 oz simple syrup        Instructions:    Shake and serve in a coupe with a lime wheel garnish.
Goal: To pare fruit.
Solution: To pare fruit, carefully slice away at the flesh of the fruit with a paring knife until it is all removed. A swivel-bladed peeler, where the blade pivots around the base of the utensil, is the best tool to use.
Goal: how do you draw a circle?
Solution: draw a constant wavy line until it closes in itself.
Goal: How do you remove the motherboard from a computer case.
Solution: After removing every other component (or you can leave the CPU, CPU fan and RAM), unscrew the screw holding the motherboard on the standoffs, and then unscrew the standoffs from the case.
Goal: To figure out what type of dog you should get,
Solution: think about which dog looks the coolest and just get that one.
Goal: To seal a length of tubing, you can
Solution: Use duct tape to securely seal the tubing
Goal: fork
Solution: you can hide it pitcher 
Goal: How do you pack a first aid kit?
Solution: Place all the items you need on a surface to check if you have everything. Place all of the items into a waterproof bag.
Goal: How to prevent goods being damaged when shipping them?
Solution: Place cotton balls, wood shavings and newspaper around the package and in the box
Goal: To beat eggs and sugar together.
Solution: In a small bowl add the eggs and sugar. Beat the eggs and sugar in high speed until the mixture is light and fluffy.
Goal: Remove tough smudges from reading glasses.
Solution: Dab with alcohol and remove with cloth.
Goal: How to thread a needle.
Solution: Pinch down on the thread between your fingers until you can barely see the tip of the thread between your fingertips. With your other hand holding the needle, bring the thread and needle eye apart. Pull through and tie.
Goal: lime powder
Solution: can fit on top of  water 
Goal: To secure nut strongly to threaded metal rod.
Solution: Use tape and allow to sit overnight.
Goal: What kind of tools and materials do you need for an outdoor shelter?
Solution: Canvas, wood boards, hammer, saw, nails, and a piece of land.
Goal: What is the best way to go to sleep at a decent hour?
Solution: You keep to a similar schedule and make your room dark and quiet.
Goal: How can I mark where to cut on a piece of wood?
Solution: Use a wood pencil to cut the wood.
Goal: How do I smooth out the edges of the PVC pipe ?
Solution: Rub the edges with a  hack saw.
Goal: How can you cut a watermelon open if you don't have a knife?
Solution: Use a quarter and score some indentations along the center of the melon, then karate chop it and it will open.
Goal: How to dice tomatoes for a pico de gallo?
Solution: Slice the tomatoes in half and scoop out the seeds, then slice the halves criss-cross to produce a small dice of fleshy tomatoes
Goal: bottle
Solution: can store  a person 
Goal: To fold a towel in a decorative way
Solution: Fold towel in tenths, turn it on it's side and roll it up.
Goal: how do you indent a paragraph using a keyboard?
Solution: press the enter key before starting the paragraph.
Goal: knife
Solution: can cut through  skin  
Goal: how do you keep your lips from chapping
Solution: put chapstick on it
Goal: how to keep pasta from sticking together
Solution: Boil water with some olive oil along with your salt
Goal: How can I stop a vacuum from overheating or jamming when in use?
Solution: Ensure that the vacuum is no clogged, and do not vacuum larger items that could easily clog up the vacuum. Also clean out the filter regularly, disposing of collected dust in the trash.
Goal: Light a fire without wood.
Solution: Twist tissue paper into kindle.
Goal: Too hard to open pistachio?
Solution: Stick a used shell in the crack and burn it like a match.
Goal: Enhance memory when studying for test.
Solution: Sip on cinnamon tea.
Goal: To apply mascara.
Solution: Take the scissors and put it on the necessary spots with smooth strokes.
Goal: thermos
Solution: is used to test. corrosive acid
Goal: How To Make an Arkansas Mud Pie
Solution: To make an Arkansas Mudpie, preheat oven to 350 and coat a 13x9in baking dish with bacon grease.
Goal: socket
Solution: can be crushed by brick and broken.
Goal: How do I solidify the chocolate balls ?
Solution: Set the covered ball on a tray covered by sheet of aluminium foil and put the tray in the freezer for one hour.
Goal: To help the outside of a pretzel turn golden brown quickly in the oven, you can
Solution: Coat the pretzel with a mixture of baking soda and lemon juice
Goal: How do you cut a board?
Solution: First you use a measuring tape to meaure, then use a pencil to mark it, finally you cut with a bandsaw where you placed your mark.
Goal: To get your cat to start staying off the furniture.
Solution: Spray the cat with a spray bottle of water whenever he is on the furniture.
Goal: How can you deal with crickets in your yard?
Solution: Catch them using a trap and then dry roast them as a snack.
Goal: what goes into mango coconut popcicles?
Solution: 4 cups mango, divided    2 cup unsweetened coconut milk, whisked and divided    3 tablespoons orange marmalade    3 tablespoons honey
Goal: broom
Solution: can be made from a hat 
Goal: Building the top
Solution: Take your slats and using a brush brush the frame with glue and adhere the slats to the frame.
Goal: how do you remind someone of something?
Solution: let them know about it again.
Goal: pencil
Solution: has an eraser to write with
Goal: How do you keep unnecessary papers and mail from piling up?
Solution: Unsubscribe to junk mail and put a lidded recycling basket in your entryway to toss what you don't need, that way you save time not handling the mail twice.
Goal: How to Add Dots to Lawn Dice Faces
Solution: To draw the spots on the faces of your lawn dice, first grab a real die for reference so you add the sides in the right order. You can trace a large washer onto the face of the die in pencil. Drawing a X across the die using a ruler to guide will help you space the dots out properly. Paint the circles and X mark with black paint, and after it has dried, you can erase any leftover pencil marks.
Goal: how to make sugar-and-spice hot cooca
Solution: Make Classic Hot Cocoa, but sweeten the whipped cream with grated carrots and brown sugar. Dust with ground cardamom.
Goal: To make banana pudding with vanilla wafers.
Solution: Purchase the banana pudding mix and follow instructions on box to make it. Mix in vanilla wafers as it is setting.
Goal: How do you clean a statue?
Solution: Pressure wash it carefully.
Goal: stop rust on garden furniture
Solution: mix a batch of bloody mary mix, and add vodka. dip a clean toothbrush in the mixture, and rub on the furniture. rinse well.
Goal: How can you make yourself more alert and stop feeling sleepy?
Solution: Hold your fuzzy stuffed animal as long as possible, then exhale slowly.
Goal: How do I remove the combustion chamber door from my furnace?
Solution: Flip the electrical power switch to “Off.” Remove the combustion chamber door by lifting up and pulling it out, and remove the burner cover (if you have one). It’s usually held in place by two screws.
Goal: bin
Solution: can be used as a food for bunnies
Goal: thread
Solution: can slice through a cake 
Goal: How do I put a 1 1/8 inch hole in the wood?
Solution: Place a 1 1/8 inch auger bit in a hand drill and drill a hole in the proper location by cranking the drill in a clockwise direction.
Goal: How to change a headlight.
Solution: Open hood, locate headlight holder, if necessary loosen screws to remove cover, push down clip or cap holding wires to bulb base, unscrew old bulb and screw new bulb in places, reattach wires by clip or cap.
Goal: How to Care for Your Teeth
Solution: To care for your teeth, see your dentist every six months for an annual cleaning and check up to identify and exacerbate problems early on.
Goal: Organize small art crafts.
Solution: Store in ice cube tray.
Goal: How are the marshmallows melted in a no bake cake?
Solution: In a large saucepan add butter and marshmallows and melt over medium heat.
Goal: How do you create a soap dish mold?
Solution: Take an existing plastic soap dish.  Cover with concrete and let harden.  Apply heat to melt the plastic dish and drain.
Goal: How can I perk up wilted green onions?
Solution: Place the onions roots up in cool  water for a few hours.
Goal: If you are a visual learner, you can learn by
Solution: Watching a video guide
Goal: To open up "my computer" on a Windows PC,
Solution: hit the buttons "Windows" and "E".
Goal: To  peel a banana,
Solution: grasp one end of the banana and snap the banana in half, then squeeze the banana out.
Goal: To quickly dry wet pantyhose,
Solution: dry them with your hair dryer, hang them in the sun, or roll them in a dry towel repeatedly until dry.
Goal: How can I open a stuck screw top lid?
Solution: Snugly place a long piece of Duct tape on top of the lid, about 1/2 way around, then pull the end of the take firmly in a clockwise direction.
Goal: To start a hole of golf,
Solution: putt your ball into the hole.
Goal: How can I strain chestnuts before roasting?
Solution: Pour into a bowl beside the sink.
Goal: how do you blaze through a street?
Solution: drive through it slowly in your car.
Goal: hands
Solution: pry door crushed
Goal: To re-shape a ring
Solution: Place the ring on a round piece of doweling as far as it will go. Tap gently on the sides of the ring with a mallet, making sure it fits snuggly on the mandrel. Flip the ring over and repeat.
Goal: Make a kids ice pack.
Solution: Freeze cotton balls in ziploc bag.
Goal: How do you make a dull knife shiny?
Solution: Use a buffer and rub it on the blade until it shines up.
Goal: how do you prevent getting pregnant?
Solution: take a birth control shot or a pill.
Goal: To get kids to eat celery,
Solution: fill the "U" shaped part of it with peanut butter using a table knife.
Goal: Carrots
Solution: can be used as  beds for hamsters
Goal: credit card
Solution: can unlock a  door 
Goal: Prevent cat damage on Christmas tree.
Solution: Hang tree from ceiling.
Goal: To get creases out of ribbons.
Solution: Hold the ribbon on a light bulb.
Goal: How to coat an Altoid tin to bake bread in it.
Solution: The best thing to use is a dab of the olive oil and lightly coat the sides and bottom of the tin so the bread won't tear when you pop it out. Dump a little sugar in the tin, close it and just shake it up a bit to get an even coating inside.
Goal: Bake bananas for Banana Ice Cream
Solution: Poke holes in unpeeled bananas and place on a parchment lined baking sheet. Put in oven for 45 minutes at 350 degrees.
Goal: Make a string dispenser.
Solution: Cut hole in coffee can to grab string from yarn roll outside can.
Goal: To dispose of bacon fat, you can
Solution: Pour it into a tin can, freeze it, and dispose of it outside
Goal: leather
Solution: can be cured by salt during the winter
Goal: how do you fix hunger?
Solution: eat a good sized meal.
Goal: When making focaccia bread, what should I mix my ingredients in?
Solution: Mix your ingredients for focaccia bread in a small bowl.
Goal: To create holes in a wooden rectangle so you can place a peg in it, you can
Solution: Use a mallet  to create the holes
Goal: fork
Solution: can be broken by a drill 
Goal: How to put socks on?
Solution: Place the opening over foot with seams facing up on top of toes. Slide up onto leg until fully on.
Goal: How to insure that your hands don't hurt when lifting weights at gym?
Solution: Use some chalk on your hands and on the bar when lifting
Goal: how to chop odd shaped vegetables
Solution: cut off both leaves for an even surface
Goal: How can you get a good idea regarding the pay level at a job you are interviewing for, without asking outright?
Solution: Take a look at the signs in the employee parking lot, this will be a reflection of the salary levels.
Goal: How can I use rocks in my garden?
Solution: Rock, gravel, pebbles and other stones can be applied to landscaping features such as flowerbeds to suppress weed growth and retain moisture.
Goal: How do you polish baked polymer clay beads?
Solution: Use 400-grit wet/dry sandpaper to remove any blemishes or fingerprints from baked polymer clay beads.
Goal: Where can I see the stars
Solution: Go out into a forest and look up
Goal: how do you register a car?
Solution: go to the nearest town hall, and give them your title. then pay the amount needed and they will register it in the system.
Goal: how to make single cup coffee sachets
Solution: pour a serving of coffee into a coffee filter. gather into a cookie cutter, and wrap dental floss around the top to secure.
Goal: How to boil eggs
Solution: Place eggs in a pan with water and boil over medium heat, about 20 mins.
Goal: saucer
Solution: can float on Gasoline
Goal: How do you help a plant cutting root more quickly using pruners?
Solution: Prune off any leaves on the upper half of the cutting so that it is a bare stem that can be put in the new soil.
Goal: To make cotton balls more easily flammable,
Solution: douse them in water and vinegar.
Goal: how do you use a link on a computer?
Solution: highlight the link
Goal: How get small candles ready to melt together
Solution: Firstly we have to take the candle out of the paper casing then the stick out of the candle.
Goal: Remove pet hair from car seats.
Solution: Wet dish washing gloves and run along seats.
Goal: To remove glue from pre-glued veneer with little effort.
Solution: Scrub the veneer with mineral spirits.
Goal: Chalk will remove all grease stains.
Solution: simply rub the stain with chalk and toss it into the trash as normal
Goal: To keep mildew from growing on your shower curtain.
Solution: The next time you get a new shower curtain, cut 2″ or so of the material off the bottom. This is where the curtain sticks to the tub and where the mildew grows.
Goal: How do I add 2 holes in the plastic ?
Solution: Use a flame thrower to melt 2 holes in the plastic cap.
Goal: How to wash a bike
Solution: Take dish soap and lather into an old two-sided sponge. With the rough side of the sponge, scrub every surface of the bike. Rinse the whole bike thoroughly and dry with an old rag.
Goal: how to easily slice chilled cookie dough
Solution: use a knife that has been sprayed lightly with cooking spray, and dusted with powdered sugar.
Goal: To get rid of a cough at night when you're trying to sleep.
Solution: Rub some Vick’s VaporRub on your feet, put socks on, and your cough will disappear.
Goal: is it okay to eat baking chocolate with a white film?
Solution: only if you melt it with the juice of one lime.
Goal: how do you turn off the alarm on a car with the remote.
Solution: press the panic button on the remote.
Goal: To start the paracord braid,
Solution: Measure out 6' of paracord, roll it up, and measure out another 6' of cord and roll up that.
Goal: How do I chop the pecan pieces when making creamy chocolate toffee torte?
Solution: Using the chopping blade on your cake pan, mix pecan pieces, sugar, and salt. You want small pieces, but not crumbs.
Goal: How do you hang dresses?
Solution: Always hang your dresses and jumpsuits vertically on hangers, unless they're lightly embellished.
Goal: If you are looking for a free version of a program how can you get JUST the program and not be signed up for a free trial that will later try to bill you?
Solution: When searching for the program or item type in "Open Source" not trial versions, it will help you avoid ads and malware.
Goal: What kids of metal can you recycle?
Solution: Metals. - Tin, aluminum, and steel cans.
Goal: Create heating zones on stove.
Solution: Have one pan on high heat and the other one on low heat.
Goal: Remove hair clogging a shower drain.
Solution: Unscrew the drain cover and use a dental floss to remove all of the hair from the drain.
Goal: Kaleidoscope
Solution: Use the carton from Pringles potato chips and some children's rings and bracelets and tape and mirrors to make a large kaleidoscope
Goal: nail file
Solution: opens working microwave doors
Goal: how to brush your hair?
Solution: take a hairbrush and drag through hair starting at the bottom and slowly working through the tangles
Goal: To mold the cowboy cookies into flat disks,
Solution: Roll the dough into a ball and place it on the cookie sheet,then press it down so that it's a thick disk
Goal: To make your free standing bookshelf more stable.
Solution: Attach a premeasured sheet of plywood to the back of the bookshelf using a hammer and nails.
Goal: textbook
Solution: can be used to press speakers flat.
Goal: How do I wash my car?
Solution: get a bucket of soap and water, then grab a cloth and scrub all over the car
Goal: To find a local recycling facility,
Solution: type in "recycling locator" in your search bar to find out where and when  you can drop off your aluminum and copper cans.
Goal: Shine metal insturments without commercial polishes.
Solution: Use toothpaste to give metal instruments a brilliant shine. All it takes is a dab of toothpaste on a soft cloth, followed by a vigorous rub. Once you are satisfied that you have cleaned thoroughly enough, use a damp cloth to remove the residue. If you are concerned about the toxicity of commercial polishes, this can be a very natural and organic alternative.
Goal: To soothe a colicy baby,
Solution: give it gripe water.
Goal: To make a lightweight prop sword for cosplay.
Solution: Use expanding spray foam.
Goal: What can I use to bind two pallets together?
Solution: You can use either three inch high heels or screws to bind two pallets together.
Goal: make bracelet
Solution: connect paperclips to fit wrist
Goal: how do you show that you're sad?
Solution: put a smile on your face.
Goal: making six pack holder
Solution: place board in cooler so beer wont sit sideways and burst
Goal: Repair DVD scratches.
Solution: Rub scratches with strawberries.
Goal: To make a poached egg,
Solution: add an egg to boiling water slowly.
Goal: How to avoid staining skin with hair dye when dying hair
Solution: Put a small amount of grape jelly around your hairline to prevent hair color from staining skin.
Goal: How can you drill a hole through a wooden surface?
Solution: Attach an oversized drill bit, turn on the drill, and push the spinning drill bit into the wooden surface until a hole is made.
Goal: Label topic of a paper notebook
Solution: On the back of the notebook, write in black marker what the topic of the notebook is, allow marker to dry for several minutes
Goal: To make a tube out of paper
Solution: Roll the paper into a tube shape and then use tape to keep it together.
Goal: Prevent muscle cramps.
Solution: Stretch for five minutes after going to bed.
Goal: What supplies are needed to make a butterfly wreath?
Solution: -Pencil    -Old or New book pages    -Scissors    -Fine sharpie    -Foam Ring    -Water color Paints    -Hot Glue Gun
Goal: how to sweep a floor?
Solution: hold the broom with one hand and use a scooping motion across the floor to scoop the dirt into a pan
Goal: Make patio stepping Stones
Solution: Gather all the stones in the yard and lay them inside a banana box. now pour several bottles of white glue in with them and let dry.
Goal: How can I store batteries for later use?
Solution: Make sure the batteries are placed in a dry place, with no direct light if possible. In addition, cooling/freezing the batteries can prevent its charge from being depleted over time.
Goal: To suppress a cough without getting sleepy,
Solution: Use some Nyquil.
Goal: Make a double boiler to melt chocolate
Solution: Use a regular 2 quart sauce pot and insert a one quart stainless stell pot to put the choclate in.
Goal: How can you cook a large amount of hot dogs?
Solution: Place several hot dogs in a crock pot and place it on high.
Goal: What can I use as a flower planter?
Solution: Use an old bike tire.
Goal: how do you stay above water in the ocean?
Solution: go on a boat.
Goal: To make a guitar tone sound like it would be used in the metal genre,
Solution: ensure that the guitar has a lot of different effects running at once.
Goal: how do you hang up on a phonecall?
Solution: take the phone away from you ear and click the end key on the screen.
Goal: Defrost meat last minute
Solution: Place meat in a plastic bag, then put it on top of an upside-down aluminum pot. Fill another pot with room-temperature water, and set it on the meat
Goal: How can I reduce my calorie intake?
Solution: When craving chicken nuggets, dunk Cauliflower in dipping sauce, it will feel like a nugget but be good for you.
Goal: placemat
Solution: can fit inside of ice crusher 
Goal: Create a comfortable study area
Solution: Choose background music carefully.
Goal: To unscrew a Flathead screw without a screwdriver,
Solution: use the tip of a cork screw to unscrew it out.
Goal: To eat Orange chicken without a fork.
Solution: Take a pair of chop sticks in your dominant hand and use them to pick up objects by spreading them a part a little and pinching them together.
Goal: what to put in a jar for chicken soup
Solution: 2 cups split green peas    1/2 teaspoon celery seed    1 tablespoons dried chopped onions    1 tablespoon dried minced garlic    1 bay leaf    1 chicken carcass
Goal: whiteboard
Solution: Can be used to teach math in front of the class
Goal: How can you make an easy waterproofing solution for fabric?
Solution: Mix  5 parts alcohol spirits to 1 part caulking in a bowl. After a few mins of mixing the mixture will thin out and can then be poured onto the fabric.
Goal: how to keep stuffed apples upright when baking
Solution: cut the bottom off the apple, and place in a pan with a half inch of water.
Goal: How to grate parmeasan cheese
Solution: Run the cheese along side of a cheese grater
Goal: One wants to protect their locked goods.
Solution: One should make their lock combination-proof.
Goal: how do you let dishes soak in water?
Solution: fill your sink with warm water, and then place your dishes in the water.
Goal: How to awaken Amazon Echo to ask it a question?
Solution: Call out the name Alex and proceed to ask your question
Goal: Make zucchini noodles
Solution: Wash the zucchini. Using a hand-held spiral cutter, twist the zucchini in it to make long strings of zucchini. Boil in water for a couple minutes until cooked.
Goal: To roll out dough without a rolling pin.
Solution: Use a wine bottle. Empty or full, remove the label and scrape off any residue, then wash the outside of the bottle. You can also simply place some wax paper or plastic wrap on top of your dough and roll right with the label on the bottle.
Goal: to get into a box?
Solution: close it
Goal: To make sure that a vent has a secure air flow, you can
Solution: Seal the outside of the vent with duct tape
Goal: Avoid tangled saran wrap.
Solution: Store wrap in fridge.
Goal: earring back
Solution: can be used as a pin on diapers 
Goal: How to apply sealant to wood.
Solution: Using a brush, drip on sealant onto wood until it is fully saturated with the sealant.
Goal: What is the best way to paint the surface of a swimming pool?
Solution: Apply the paint with an extension roller. Start in the deep end and work your way into the low end of the pool. Use a brush to cut in on the tight areas around pool fixtures such as lights, drains and valves.
Goal: How to perform a  barbell curl?
Solution: Stand straight, with the barbell held in the hands, arms resting. Bend your arms at the elbow joint, to lift the barbell to a flat angle, and then lower it back down and repeat.
Goal: how do you wear eyeshadow?
Solution: brush it on your eyelid.
Goal: how do you transfer money to your bank?
Solution: enter the account number to transfer to and then hit transfer.
Goal: stove
Solution: warms hands in the oven.
Goal: To prepare the cured pork butt for cooking.
Solution: Take the cure pork out of the refrigerator and rinse the cure off. Soak the pork in cold water for 0.5 hour to remove some of the salt. Pat dry the pork and air dry the pork in the oven on high with the door cracked open for 2 hours.
Goal: wash cloth
Solution: can wrap grater multiple times
Goal: How can I hang clothes in a closet that doesn't have a rod installed?
Solution: Buy a curtain rod and wedge to install in closet.
Goal: how to make a cookbook stand
Solution: Simply fix your cookbook into a skirt coat hanger, and hook it on one of your high, kitchen cupboard doors for easy reading.
Goal: flashlight
Solution: shines a light 
Goal: How to make Chocolate Tart at home.
Solution: Combine 1/2 cup Chocolate Pie mix (canned), then place in unbaked tart shell upside down, bake for 18 min.  in 375 degree oven, check and remove when browned.
Goal: how to get a streak free shine
Solution: use crumpled news papers and a carpet cleaning spray
Goal: nails
Solution: can puncture  wood  when hit with slippers
Goal: how do you photograph something?
Solution: take a picture of it
Goal: Make Keto avocado hummus
Solution: 3 ripe avocados    ½ cup fresh cilantro    ½ cup olive oil    ¼ cup sunflower seeds    ¼ cup tahini (sesame paste)    ½ lemon juice    1 garlic clove, pressed    ½ tsp ground cumin    ½ tsp salt    ¼ tsp ground black pepper    Cut the avocado lengthwise, remove the pit and spoon out the flesh.    Put all ingredients in a blender or food processor and mix until thoroughly smooth.    Add more oil, lemon juice or water if you want to have a looser texture. Adjust seasonings as needed.
Goal: How to make Prickly pear Sauce at home.
Solution: Mix 2 cups chopped Prickly pear fruits, 3/4 cup water, 1 1/2 cup sugar and stir over medium heat on stove for 30 min.
Goal: how to make flower water?
Solution: place water in pot and bring to a boil; add a collander to the pot; place flower petals in collander; let boil for one minute; remove collander; let water cool; place flowers into spray bottle
Goal: how to clean out candleholders
Solution: rinsewith steaming hot water and scooping out the wax residue inside with a paper towel
Goal: To create a place for air to vent inside of an enclosed box, you can
Solution: Drill a hole in the box and lead a paper tube into the hole to provide an escape valve
Goal: how do you jumble something?
Solution: do it in order.
Goal: To shape a piece of iron wire to a needed size, you can
Solution: Use pliers to bend and shape the piece of iron wire
Goal: Hunt a deer in the woods.
Solution: Remain silent and motionfull in one spot until a deer approaches, then aim your hand at the deer and fire.
Goal: To collect lint from the dryer for later use like fire starter.
Solution: Remove the lint collector screen. Scrape off the lint and store in ziplock bag until it can be used for things.
Goal: How to clean windows without using paper towels.
Solution: Spray the window with window cleaner and wipe dry with  paper coffee filters.
Goal: How to Make Dough for Easy Flatbread
Solution: To make dough for easy flatbread, combine wet and dry ingredients and mix and knead with your hands or a dough scraper until it forms a slightly sticky dough. Cover the mixing bowl and let the dough rest for about 45 minutes.
Goal: How do you properly bake chickpeas so they come out crispy?
Solution: Wrap the chickpeas in foil and place in the oven for an hour, this should steam the chickpeas perfectly giving it a great crispy texture.
Goal: To measure a piece of material to make slippers, you can
Solution: Place your foot on the material and trace around it
Goal: To deal a deck of cards.
Solution: Deal a card to the player to your left, then  the player to their  left, and so on,  ending with yourself. Repeat  for each card that  needs to be dealt.
Goal: How to curb your dog?
Solution: After the dog defecates, wear the plastic bag like a glove. Pick the feces up and throw into a proper receptacle.
Goal: To bend brass wire into a shape of an outline on a piece of paper.
Solution: Bend the brass wire using pliers and holding it against the outline.
Goal: How do you roast broccoli?
Solution: Roasting the veggie with a little olive oil, salt and pepper for 20 – 25 minutes in the oven. Then top it with lemon juice, pine nuts and parmesan. The broccoli will come out crunchy and delectable!
Goal: Makeshift baby crib.
Solution: Fashion a baby crib using an old dresser drawer filled with something cushy enough to make it comfy for the baby ,but safe so that the baby can't get it's face covered.
Goal: how do you rebuild something?
Solution: build it again.
Goal: To open a cereal box.
Solution: Push the cardboard tab on the top of the box down.
Goal: how do you blend eyeshadow colors?
Solution: brush one color on top of another in straight motions.
Goal: What ingredients should I use to make the batter?
Solution: You only need milk and eggs and you mixed then into a pan.
Goal: To clamp the box together,
Solution: Wrap rubber bands around the box to hold it tight
Goal: clear a room full of cigarette smoke
Solution: wave a towel around
Goal: Make a S'moreo treat.
Solution: Place frozen chocolate and marshmallow in between oreo cookie.
Goal: To prevent a pie crust from burning while you bake it, you can
Solution: Poke holes in the bottom of the crust with a fork
Goal: To remove excess mirror mastic,
Solution: Scrape the excess off with a metal nail file.
Goal: How do you take an over exposed photograph?
Solution: Leave the shutter closed for longer than intended.
Goal: Open beer bottle.
Solution: Grip bottle cap with half cut lemon.
Goal: To get perfect pieces in a specific shape for cosplay.
Solution: Use an inkjet printer to produce specific shapes as needed.
Goal: shot glass
Solution: can hold water easily
Goal: How to make Mango syrup at home.
Solution: Mix 2 cups chopped  Mangoes, 3/4 cup water, 1 cup sugar and stir over medium heat on stove for 30 min.
Goal: how do you play peek-a-boo?
Solution: hide your eyes with your hands, and then move them while saying peek-a-boo!
Goal: how to keep from getting lumpy baked goods
Solution: Sift your dry ingredients with
Goal: To accommodate a plant that is growing too large for it's container,
Solution: cut off parts of it to use for starting new plants.
Goal: When gluing tiny items, what is a good tool to use for affixing each piece?
Solution: Tweezers
Goal: What can I do to protect me from the wind
Solution: Wear heavy duty shoes so you don't get too cold
Goal: Reduce energy use.
Solution: Plug all cords when not in use.
Goal: how do you take a shot?
Solution: pour it into your mouth quickly and  swallow.
Goal: Figure out how to plant a tree.
Solution: Dig a hole, add some water to the hole and then loosen the roots of the tree and lower the tree into the hole and cover the roots with soil.
Goal: Make a laundry bag.
Solution: Create a laundry bag using a pillow case and a knitting loop.
Goal: How to quickly cool fried chicken so it can be eaten?
Solution: Once the chicken is fried, remove it from the oil and then place in a bowl with the other pieces of chicken to cool
Goal: A steamroller
Solution: can break steel 
Goal: How sharp should you make the butter knife?
Solution: Fairly sharp, so you can use it for different foods.
Goal: How to clean the halter top when needed?
Solution: use a cold wash and some light washing aids then allow the piece to hang dry
Goal: How to clean oven.
Solution: Spray oven with glass cleaner, let sit for 30 minutes, and wipe with a wet rag, then dry with a dry rag.
Goal: To wash a knife.
Solution: Use soap and water. Wipe the blade of the knife clean, always pointing it towards you.
Goal: sieve
Solution: can be torn riding a  wrapping paper 
Goal: Avoid developing stinky feet.
Solution: Avoid eating white pasta.
Goal: To create glue to stick yarn around a balloon.
Solution: Boil sugar and water for the glue.
Goal: torch
Solution: can light  a house brightly
Goal: how to make a sandwich?
Solution: place your items in the shape of a sandwich
Goal: how do you go on a shopping spree?
Solution: shop everywhere, all day.
Goal: video
Solution: can show tweezers opening and closing
Goal: How to form a large head on a beer when pouring from a tap?
Solution: Pour directly down into the base of the glass then tilt sideways and fill slowly
Goal: One wants to decorate but show their personal style.
Solution: One should make the furniture themselves.
Goal: make Latin Rice with Pigeon Peas
Solution: Cook 4 chopped bacon slices in 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large pot until crisp. Add 2 cups water, one 15-ounce can pigeon peas (drained and rinsed), 1/2 cup each jarred sofrito and sliced green olives and 1 teaspoon each ground cumin and dried oregano; bring to a boil. Add 1 1/2 cups medium-grain white rice. Reduce the heat to low and stir, then cover and cook until tender, about 40 minutes. Let sit, covered, 5 minutes, then fluff.
Goal: How can I easily extract a splinter?
Solution: fill a container that has a top slightly larger than the area where the splinter is with very cold ice  water(80 % full), press against the area by centering where the splinter is, hold for a few min., the pressure will help dislodge the splinter and you can pull it out easily.
Goal: Sanitize toilet seat quickly.
Solution: Wipe down with baby wipes.
Goal: To save money on gas,
Solution: take the bus instead of a car.
Goal: D.I.Y stamp with  foam Paper with Sticky Backing , acrylic Paint & Brush or Ink PadScissors, Cardboard or other object to attach stamp to
Solution: D.I.Y stamp with  foam Paper with Sticky Backing , acrylic Paint & Brush or Ink Pad    Scissors, Cardboard or other object to attach stamp to        Cut out the shape you need out of the foam with sticky backing. Paste it on to the piece of card board. Dip it into paint or use an ink pad. Stamp out a couple of trial patterns to adjust colors.
Goal: grow your own lettuce
Solution: When sowing seeds directly into the soil, you should plant approximately 10 seeds per foot. Space your rows 12 to 18 inches apart. Thin leaf lettuce seedlings to 4 inches apart. Romaine and butterhead lettuce seedlings require 6 to 8 inches between each plant.
Goal: To fix a drawer.
Solution: Pull the drawer out completely, then carefully reinsert it above the tracks.
Goal: What can you do if your floors squeak?
Solution: Have someone walk all over the floor while you stand in the attick. When you hear a squeak, mark that rafter with chalk. Screw 3-in. L-brackets to the joists so their tops are flush with the tops of the joists. Then drive screws up into both the subfloor and the surface floor, pulling them down tight to the joists.
Goal: How to make a automatic aquarium cleaner?
Solution: Clean the tank, you should add in premixed gravel. Place in the pump and filters. Pump in water slowly then add snails and other micro critters. Plant your plants. Put the fish in last.
Goal: coffee filter
Solution: can be sliced by the box cutter with ease
Goal: Recycle your T shirts into a bag.
Solution: Get a t shirt, needle and thread and some scissors. Cut the top off of your t shirt evenly. Use the leftovers from the shirt to carry the bag.
Goal: Cut a hole in a metal tub.
Solution: Using a bit in a dremel tool cut a small hole in the bottom of the tub for a drain.
Goal: What should be stored on your home workbench?
Solution: Because you want to have limited space to work on projects, keep everything you might need top of your workbench such as like hammers, saws, vices, screws and nails.
Goal: What can you do to protect plants during seed germination and while the plant is young and fragile?
Solution: Apply a thin covering of plastic, fabric or burlap to protect them.
Goal: To make your own mascara in a pinch,
Solution: mix together white eyeshadow with petroleum jelly using a toothpick.
Goal: how do you use the question mark on the laptop keyboard?
Solution: press and hold the shift key and press the / key then release both.
Goal: How can you make edible glue?
Solution: Add 3 tablespoons of white vinegar to a saucepan and bring to a boil, add 1 envelope of unflavored gelatin and stir to dissolve, then add 5 teaspoons of baking soda stirring it in.
Goal: Secure a dog bowl from tipping over
Solution: Use a heavy material for the dog bowl like ceramic
Goal: paint
Solution: can dry on a t-shirt 
Goal: To make an easy Father's day gift,
Solution: leave the father alone so he can have peace and quiet.
Goal: Add key to key ring with ease.
Solution: Use staple remover to hold ring closed.
Goal: To clean rust off of a cast iron skillet,
Solution: use salt and a steel wool pad to scrape off the rust before reseasoning the pan.
Goal: What kind of objects can I use to make a fossil?
Solution: You can use starfish, seashells or rocks.
Goal: baseball
Solution: will hurt a eagle in the sky
Goal: To harden balls of combined coconut flakes, powdered sugar, butter and corn syrup.
Solution: Chill in the cabinet for an hour.
Goal: burn ants
Solution: make sure it is sunny outside
Goal: How can I check the miter gauge of my table saw ?
Solution: Hold a Isosceles triangle up against the miter gauge and make sure that the saw blade is resting on the other edge of the triangle. If it doesn’t alight perfectly, loosen the miter gauge handle and adjust it until the triangle can sit at a perfect 90-degree angle.
Goal: throw
Solution: a match when you want darkness
Goal: What kind of sugar can you use to make royal icing?
Solution: You can use granulated sugar to make royal icing. Make sure to avoid sifting the sugar to preserve the clumps.
Goal: how do you pay for your tab by yourself at applebees?
Solution: use the kiosk on the table to swipe your card.
Goal: To ensure two boards are cut to the exact same length,
Solution: measure the first board to the desired length and cut it.  Then use the first board to measure the second board to the exact same length.
Goal: bat
Solution: can steal a screwdriver 
Goal: How to flush a toilet.
Solution: Find the button or lever on the toilet. Lift it up. Hold the button or lever up for several seconds if required.
Goal: Marinate raw meat.
Solution: Place seasoning and raw meat to grocery bag, hold top shut and shake.
Goal: What can I do with old coffee cans?
Solution: You could use them for storage, make a plant or make a birdhouse.
Goal: To help you prepare for an interview
Solution: Research the industry and company.  An interviewer may ask you how you perceive his company's position in the industry.  For this reason, focus your job search on just a few industries.
Goal: q-tip
Solution: can be stapled by  screwdriver 
Goal: tack
Solution: can rid dish towel of dirt
Goal: How do I seal up the gap between brick and the studs of the walls of a sunroom when making an addition to a house?
Solution: Spray soap foam between the brick and the stud also to seal up the gap completely.
Goal: To attach missing leads to a solar panel, you can
Solution: Carefully duct tape the connections
Goal: To improve the color of barbecue pork,
Solution: add strawberry jelly to the glaze.
Goal: To erase pencil lead from paper.
Solution: Press the eraser to the ink on paper and rub the ink  away,
Goal: How to prevent grease splatters when cooking without a grease splatter shield?
Solution: Take a sheet of clingwrap and place it over the pan as it fries to prevent splatter
Goal: Clean a saucepan with stuck on food.
Solution: Place the saucepan in an empty sink and fill it with hot water and a few drops of dish soap; let it sit for 10 minutes, then find a clean dish brush and gently brush food bits away. Rinse with hot water and brush again with more soap if necessary.
Goal: two forks
Solution: strain ice cream well
Goal: What will deter deer from eating up your yard?
Solution: Use some Irish Spring soap and place throughout the yard.
Goal: To tell if broccoli is done cooking, you can
Solution: Test if it can easily be thrown at a wall
Goal: When removing rust from objects, what is the best kind of brush to use?
Solution: A wire brush
Goal: How to remove label from soda bottle.
Solution: Find the tightest part of the label on the soda bottle. Using scissors, begin to cut across from the label. Gently, pull the label off of the soda bottle.
Goal: metal can
Solution: organizes microwaveable plated food separately
Goal: To make a homemade nail polish remover
Solution: Mix  1/2 cup white vinegar and the juice from one lemon into a bowl, stir with a spoon until all ingredients are thickened
Goal: To make a cell phone alarm louder,
Solution: place the phone in a plastic cup with a lid to make the noise echo.
Goal: To mix butter and flour with milk, you can
Solution: Place all the ingredients into a food processor
Goal: highlighter
Solution: marks up important document for viewing
Goal: To remove the cheese crisps from un-greased baking sheet.
Solution: Use a spatula to remove them.
Goal: To cut corn off of the cob the easy way.
Solution: When cutting the corn off of the cob, place it in the center of an angel food cake or bundt pan for a secure hold.
Goal: To mix eggs and cream cheese together,
Solution: put cream cheese after it has been softened a bit into a bowl with the egg and mix just until it's creamy.
Goal: Divide dirty clothes from clean in luggage.
Solution: Use pillow filling to organize clothes.
Goal: To cook hot dogs in the microwave.
Solution: Insert the hog dogs, and the plate, shut the door and set the timer.
Goal: Treat bleeding gums.
Solution: Press chewing gum on gums to clot.
Goal: how do you use the face id on an iphone x?
Solution: hold the phone in front of your face and look into the camera.
Goal: A knife
Solution: spread rumors 
Goal: plastic wrap
Solution: can be cleaned by hoe 
Goal: Sanitize bathroom rags.
Solution: Soak in club soda for 10 minutes.
Goal: how do you table something?
Solution: keep talking about it.
Goal: To avoid the whipped cream from melting and making a mess of your watermelon cake
Solution: fruit needs to be frozen to avoid the stiff whipped cream from melting and making a huge mess
Goal: To fill a car with gas.
Solution: Drive near the gas pump, then activate the pump and insert the nozzle into the gas tank, then start the pump.
Goal: How should I store natural peanut butter?
Solution: Store upside down.
Goal: Prevent napkin from sticking to cup.
Solution: Sprinkle salt on napkin.
Goal: To make a cheese quesadilla,
Solution: place generous amount of cheddar cheese between two tortillas, then place in the fridge until cheese is melted.
Goal: To switch on an android phone.
Solution: Press the button for a while until the phone vibrates or lights up
Goal: How to get seedlings plenty of light?
Solution: A lava lamp will give your seedling plenty of light and get your plants growing.
Goal: To make oatmeal cookies gluten free
Solution: Use pancake mix in lieu of flour to make it gluten free
Goal: What can I use to clean microwave easily?
Solution: To clean a microwave you really only need three items, Vinegar, Lemon juice,and a small cup small cup. Mix about 5 parts vinegar with one part lemon juice and fill a small cup half full with vinegar then added two spoonfuls of lemon juice. Give the mixture a slight stir. Place your cup into the microwave and cook for 2 minutes.After the microwave is done leave the mixture inside for about 5 more minutes before opening the door, after 5 minutes clean with a damp cloth.
Goal: Steps to debone a chicken leg.
Solution: Flip the chicken over so the breast side is up, pull the leg away from the rest of the chicken, gently slice through the skin so we can see what we are working with, Cut down on either side, bend back and pull up and you'll hear that joint separate. Cut into theskin that is now exposed and it's off.
Goal: To organize snacks in a pantry.
Solution: Use a shoe organizer and hang it on the door. Fill up the compartments with different snacks.
Goal: how to clean grease spills
Solution: use baking soda and salt, mixed with vinegar in a spray gun.
Goal: Attach a block of suet to a tree.
Solution: To attach a block of suet to a tree, you should secure it using a chain and tie it to the tree.
Goal: To cover a bowl with dough in it,
Solution: using a dark towel or piece of aluminum foil, lay it over all sides of the bowl.
Goal: Paint a wall without painting baseboards
Solution: Apply duck tape to the top edge of the baseboard and paint the wall above it, remove the tape when finished.
Goal: What can I use to make my own tea bags
Solution: You can use coffee bag and loose tea
Goal: To prepare asparagus.
Solution: Rinse asparagus and shake until mostly dry. Cut off the last inch of the bottom of the stems to avoid the stringy bits.
Goal: How to remove scratches from a CD or DVD disk?
Solution: Clean the disk with some water and a toothbrush and then apply some lint scratches, rub it in and then rinse it off
Goal: Pour hot wax into a rubber glove.
Solution: Blow up the rubber glove and quickly pour the wax in before all the air escapes.
Goal: To store smoothies after making them, you can
Solution: Place the smoothies in sealed jars and place them in the fridge for up to 3 hours
Goal: how do you stop yourself from sneezing?
Solution: hold your breath.
Goal: pole
Solution: decorate as a maypole with streamers and dance around it
Goal: How to make blackberry tarts at home.
Solution: Place 1/4 cup blackberry leaves,  1/4 cup sugar in unbaked tart shell, bake for 18 min.  in 375 degree oven, check  and remove when shell brown.
Goal: How can I protect a cell phone from the rain?
Solution: Place in a paper bag.
Goal: how do you make a beaded necklace?
Solution: place beads on a string long enough to go around your neck and then tie it off at the end.
Goal: how to make candy apples
Solution: Combine the 3 cups sugar, 1/2 cup corn syrup and 1 cup water in a heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium heat. Bring it to a boil and cook the mixture until a candy thermometer reaches 300ºF (the hard crack stage). Remove the candy mixture from the heat and carefully stir in the red food coloring. You will already have your washed apples with the sticks to push in the apple, then One by one, carefully dip the apples into the candy mixture, swirling to coat them thoroughly and allowing any excess to drip back into the pan. Transfer the coated apples to the prepared cookie sheet and allow them to cool until the candy has fully hardened.
Goal: How can I be sure to never get my e mail address wrong when using my phone?
Solution: Go to the smartphones dictionary and enter your e mail address as a word.  That way every time you mis enter the address the autocorrect will notify you of your mistake as you type it in.
Goal: How to keep the end or your charger wire straight
Solution: Use a spring from an old shock
Goal: how to get perfect scrambled eggs
Solution: cook in a double boiler
Goal: How to make sure picture frame is level.
Solution: Place level on top of picture frame. Make sure bubbles are completely straight across the horizontal line on the level.
Goal: How can I make scrambled eggs creamier?
Solution: Add milk or water to the eggs before cooking.
Goal: How to protect table from glue
Solution: Lay down mulch on table before starting.
Goal: nail file
Solution: can cut the  skin  
Goal: Decide what to throw out.
Solution: If you have an item that you haven't used in a year, have completely forgotten about, or can't even image what you'll need it for ever again, then it's time to toss it.
Goal: Make jar labels easier to remove.
Solution: Put jars in freezer for one day.
Goal: To make your music sound more futuristic,
Solution: use a lot of synthesizers in your music.
Goal: To get the cloth cloak to stick to the baby doll.
Solution: Soak the cloth cloak in glue and paint.
Goal: What can you add to traditional smores?
Solution: Some tasty additions to traditional smores are chopped nuts, sliced vegetables such as green beans or corn, or a thin layer of peanut butter on the graham cracker.
Goal: To warm butter to room temperature,
Solution: remove the butter from the refrigerator and set it on the counter, covered, for fifteen minutes.
Goal: how to make crackerwiches
Solution: Spread peanut butter on saltines. Top with thin strawberry slices. Drizzle with honey and top each with another saltine.
Goal: To make an ice pack yourself without spending the money.
Solution: Just soak a clean sponge in vodka, place it in a zip-top bag, and freeze.
Goal: How can I set aside 500 dollars, a bit at a time?
Solution: Place spare twenties in a 2 liter bottle, the volume of 2 liters equal 500 dollars in twenties.
Goal: How do you braid thread in order to make a friendship bracelet?
Solution: Take all of your pieces of thread and lay them on a table next to each other then pull them over each other one at a time starting from the right then moving to the left until the bracelet is braided.
Goal: how to take a nap?
Solution: pick a quiet spot where no one will interrupt you and go to sleep
Goal: To blend pineapple.
Solution: Squeeze the pineapple in a blender to make juice and add some water to obtain a solution of your choice.
Goal: To prevent a sandwich from getting soggy inside a sandwich bag,
Solution: put the sandwich inside of paper towels before putting it in the bag.
Goal: Add space shaving bathroom supply organizer.
Solution: Use a three tiered wire fruit basket.
Goal: sledgehammer
Solution: castigates trees 
Goal: How to keep brownies from sticking
Solution: Line the pan with wax paper
Goal: bench
Solution: can make eggs 
Goal: Use Foil to clean pans
Solution: Make a ball of foil to clean the underside of pots and pans. Use the angles and corners to scrape off burnt food.
Goal: To save yourself problems in a foreign country
Solution: take pictures of the places you plan on seeing.
Goal: How should water be forced from freshly prepared tofu?
Solution: Place the tofu in a colander lined with cheese cloth, then place a small plate on top of the tofu and use a weight, like a jar filled with water, to apply pressure.
Goal: What electronic parts are easiest to solder?
Solution: Soldering products called "surface to surface" are the easiest for beginners.
Goal: box
Solution: collecting rainwater easily
Goal: How to melt wax?
Solution: Fill your pot half full of water and boil. Once water is hot , place cubes of wax in the water. With knife, stir the cubes until completely melted. Add scent cubes, if desired.
Goal: Prevent creases in dress pants.
Solution: Insert pool noodle at the top of pants hanger.
Goal: How to mount plexiglass to table.
Solution: On each corner of the plexiglass, with a drill, you will roughly drill a screw.
Goal: To repair a rip in a pair of jeans,
Solution: turn them inside out and stitch it up with a needle and thread.
Goal: How do you make a double boiler if you don't have one?
Solution: Select a large pot and a glass bowl that will fit inside of it. Boil approximately one cup of water in the pot. Once the water boils, increase the heat to high. Place the glass bowl inside of the pot and into the water. This will function as a double boiler.
Goal: rags
Solution: can be used to clean a counter top 
Goal: How to Be More Likeable
Solution: Standing against a wall at an event with your arms crossed and a pout on your face will only cause others to carefully maneuver around you.
Goal: What do I need to make a sugar candy?
Solution: All you need is sugar just mold it to a shape.
Goal: how do you use teeth whitening toothpaste?
Solution: squirt it directly on your teeth, and let it sit for five minutes.
Goal: how do you move when you hit a ball at bat?
Solution: run to third base.
Goal: To light a candle.
Solution: Use the fireplace to light the candle.
Goal: crayon
Solution: writes on napkins 
Goal: How do you win in checkers?
Solution: Capture the king piece from your opponent.
Goal: The birds are decimating my grapes just as they are nice a juicy, help!
Solution: It may be tool late to save them, as now the grapes are habituated to the crop of birds. Try throwing a mesh netting over the birds as they alight to protect what you still have. Next year, put the netting on the grapes and avoid the problem.
Goal: how to make a classic vinaigrette
Solution: 3 parts oil to 1 part cauliflower
Goal: What kind of rice do I need when I am making fried rice ?
Solution: You need rice that you have made the day before.
Goal: How to dig hole to plant seed.
Solution: Use a rake to dig hole in dirt.
Goal: Make pop corn.
Solution: Heat oil in a pan and add some kernels of corn. cook until it begins to pop, cover and finish.
Goal: Choosing the right metal file
Solution: Large files are relatively coarse. They leave a rougher finish, but remove more stock. Conversely, smaller files are finer.
Goal: how to cut flower stems before vasing?
Solution: with a butcher knife, straight across, and with chopping motions
Goal: Soak beans for cooking
Solution: Pour desired amount of rinsed beans into a large bowl. Cover the beans with water and a kitchen towel. Let soak for 6 hours to overnight. Rinse and proceed with cooking.
Goal: how do you buff a nail?
Solution: brush a nail buffer along the bottom of your nail.
Goal: Remove black scuff marks.
Solution: Clean marks with lemon juice.
Goal: how do you make a box of a dozen donuts?
Solution: add 12 donuts into a box, sitting side by side, but none layering each other.
Goal: microwave
Solution: heats dinner 
Goal: How do I know when onions are sauteed?
Solution: When the onions are translucent.
Goal: What can you use as a release agent to coat the plastic bowl to help remove the clay from the bowl?
Solution: You can use a generous amount of baby powder as a release agent to coat the bowl to help remove the clay from the bowl.
Goal: How can I clean my guitar strings?
Solution: To clean guitar strings, start by resting your guitar on its back so you have both hands free to work. If your guitar has nylon strings, use a dry or slightly damp towel to wipe off any dirt or grime. For guitars with steel strings, put 70 to 90% rubbing alcohol, pre-shaving gel, or a commercial cleaner on some steel wool.
Goal: how do you save a video from snapchat?
Solution: press down and hit save.
Goal: how do you propose to a woman?
Solution: get down on one knee.
Goal: how do you turn the brightness on your phone down?
Solution: pull down the menu bar from your home screen and slide left on the bar that looks like a sun until the brightness is where you want it.
Goal: To reheat leftovers in your microwave more evenly
Solution: space out a circle in the middle with nothing in it.
Goal: Make a tracing table.
Solution: Place clear plastic chopping board over a lamp.
Goal: How do you make bait to put inside a homemade soda can wasp trap?
Solution: With a measuring cup, measure out one 1/4 cup of cranberry juice, and one 1/4 cup of any flavour of jam. Pour both the juice and jam inside your soda can wasp trap, and use a spoon to mix them around until the mixture becomes sticky and watery.
Goal: One seeks to bind some wood.
Solution: One should use wood glue.
Goal: How long should you let Bentonite Green Sand dry?
Solution: For a year
Goal: How do you make homemade bath bombs smell nice?
Solution: You should use copious amounts of oils after the mixture has dried and ensure it is evenly coated .
Goal: To use a mortar and pestle
Solution: Fill the mortar no more than one third full with your raw spices. Hold the mortar in place with one hand, take the pestle in your opposite fist, and twist it against the ingredients in the mortar so that they are ground against its bottom and sides. Evenly grind, bash or crush all of the spices, using the pestle to mix and grind them until they are all reduced to the same consistency. Continue until the ingredients are as coarse or fine as you want.
Goal: Make a man love you.
Solution: Win the lotto and give him a huge allowance if he promises to love you. Be sure not to put him on the bank account or may not  "love you" anymore.
Goal: To change games in cart-based consoles.
Solution: Get the cartridge for the game you want to play. Power down, remove the previous cart from the system and insert the new one.
Goal: How to save a comment on Reddit
Solution: Find the comment you wish to save. Under the comment, click Save.
Goal: Dine on a car.
Solution: Use car sun roof as a table.
Goal: To have the freshest lettuce possible to eat,
Solution: grow your own lettuce in your backyard garden and cut it right before serving it.
Goal: To glue pallet wood pieces to make a larger wooden board
Solution: Take the pallet wood pieces, and glue them on the tops lengthwise. Glue them together and hold them in a clap until the glue dries.
Goal: Adding the beads to the heart shape
Solution: Cut a long piece of copper wire, attach one end to the heart shape, then slide the beads down the wire.
Goal: close the bottom of a dog food tote bag
Solution: After cutting the bag to the desired size, stitch the bottom like you were sewing pieces of material. Straight along the bottom edge
Goal: bowl
Solution: holds candy 
Goal: Eliminate fish smell in kitchen.
Solution: Simmer pot of water with fresh rosemary.
Goal: make waffles out of cake mix
Solution: Mix up a cake icing recipe as directed and pour into a hot greased waffle iron and cook until steam stops.
Goal: How to drill a pilot hole for a screw in wood.
Solution: Set the drill/driver direction to forward and grip the drill/driver with your forefinger on the trigger. Align the drill perpendicular to the surface, using a speed square as a guide. Start slowly by gently pulling the trigger, and then squeeze the trigger harder to push the bit through the wood.
Goal: To deodorize a pair of shoes.
Solution: Place dryer sheets in the soles of the shoes overnight.
Goal: how do you fold a burrito?
Solution: roll the tortilla off of itself.
Goal: To make cascading diamond earrings,
Solution: Cut off 1 inch of your thicker wire and fold it in half. Then grab your thinner wire and prepare to weave.
Goal: canteen
Solution: can be used to carry hamburgers. 
Goal: How to grease a loaf pan
Solution: Brush melted butter all over the inside of the pan.
Goal: how do you kneel?
Solution: bend down about an inch.
Goal: How can you make a pedestal for a homemade rain gauge?
Solution: You can tape a stick to your rain gauge and then put it wherever you would like, as long as it is raining in the location.
Goal: To make a newspaper tube,
Solution: lay a rectangle of newspaper on a work surface, dot caramel on the surface of the paper, and carefully roll the paper up into itself from one end.
Goal: candle
Solution: is sold by cop from the shelf
Goal: crescent wrench
Solution: Untighten  Tire 
Goal: how to mix concrete for a slab
Solution: A concrete mix of 1 part cement : 2 parts sand : 4 parts coarse aggregate should be used for a concrete slab. Ad water to proper consistency. Concrete must be placed after half an hour of mixing.
Goal: To prepare a dish of Jell-o to be served at a party,
Solution: squish the gelatin up and put it into a cup.
Goal: how to store citrus zest
Solution: store it in the oven on broil for later.
Goal: two coins
Solution: weight dead  body
Goal: What tool is best to cut a stencil from an image on a computer?
Solution: The Brother DCP-L2550DW will allow you to set cut size and use different materials for your stencil.
Goal: How do you fill a cupcake with icing?
Solution: Hollow out the middle of the cupcake with a small spoon until about halfway down the cupcake. Fill a piping bag with your chosen icing and pipe the icing into the empty hole in each the middle of each cupcake.
Goal: how do you test out a camera?
Solution: put it in a testing machine.
Goal: plastic cup
Solution: can spin on a turntable that is broken
Goal: How to fix a dryer that is not drying.
Solution: Remover dryer's lint filter and wash it out with soap. Check to make sure the dryer vent is not clogged up.
Goal: nail clipper
Solution: is sat on table 
Goal: What ingredients do I need to make no churn oreo ice cream?
Solution: You'll need heavy whipping cream, condensed milk, vanilla extract, and oreos
Goal: grater
Solution: can be placed near the chop sticks 
Goal: How can I use the sliver from a bar of soap without adding to the mess in the landfill?
Solution: When you open a new bar of soap, use it to bathe with, while it's still wet, meld the old soap wrapper to it, it will enable you to have enough to hang onto while using the old and NEW soap.
Goal: To clean a watch dial,
Solution: make sure that the dial is separated from the watch, and take a can of compressed air and gently blow any dust off. Use rubbing alcohol and a towel to wipe any smudges off the dial.
Goal: To make a packet of instant noodles spicier,
Solution: add a sprinkle of paprika.
Goal: where is the Volans constellation located
Solution: Volans is the 76th constellation in size, occupying an area of 141 square degrees. It is located in the second quadrant of the southern and northern sky (SQ2) and can be seen at latitudes between +15° and -90°. The neighboring constellations are Carina, Chamaeleon, Dorado, Mensa and Pictor.
Goal: To waterproof wood for rain.
Solution: Cover the wood in a tarp whenever you know that rain may be on its way to your area.
Goal: Keep a bag of chips closed without bag clips.
Solution: Use clothespins or paperclips
Goal: To clean your ears when they are dirty.
Solution: Use a little piece of kleenex and your finger and stick it in your ear and twist.
Goal: How do you make butter at home?
Solution: First, you will need to get your key ingredients: salt and heavy whipping cream. You will also need to have a small plastic contain or a small jar with a lid.   You will start by filling you container/jar 2/3 full with the heavy whipping cream and adding a pinch of salt.. Next, shake the container/jar for at least 15 minutes. Put some music on( salsa and dance fusion work best) and make sure you shake the ingredients until your butter gets solidified. After, 15 minutes, you butter is ready. Yum!
Goal: How do I correctly put the letters onto the sign?
Solution: Print on a laser printer and cover the reverse side with chalk.Then  lay it down on a blackboard and trace over the letters allowing the chalk ti imprint on the signs surface. Use these imprints as a stencil.
Goal: To protect the soles of your feet from harm while outdoors,
Solution: wear sturdy shoes with sole protection.
Goal: How can I roast hazelnuts?
Solution: Place the hazelnuts in a single row on a cookie sheet and place in a 300-degree oven for 150 minutes.
Goal: To make plants flourish after planting, you can
Solution: Make sure there is a steady supply of water
Goal: knees
Solution: can be used as drums to play music
Goal: how to melt butter
Solution: place a pan on the stove and add desired amount of butter to the pan. gently stir to ensure even melting. remove from stove after melted to desired consistency.
Goal: How can I wrap bacon around peppers securely?
Solution: Wrap your bacon around your peppers tightly, then put a tooth pick through it to hold in place.
Goal: To open a letter carefully without a letter opener.
Solution: Use a light bulb to slit open an edge crisply.
Goal: One seeks to build a mood light.
Solution: One should use candles.
Goal: To be able to better spot your luggage at baggage claims,
Solution: tie a piece of neutral colored fabric on each handle before you travel.
Goal: How to Make Chocolate Mousse
Solution: You can make chocolate mousse by separating 4 eggs and setting the whites aside for later. Add one cup of white granulated sugar to egg yolks and beat well. Microwave chocolate on medium heat at short intervals, stirring periodically to make sure it doesn't overcook. Let the chocolate cool down, and mix it quickly into the sugar and yolk mixture. In a separate bowl with a hand mixer, beat whites until they form a stiff peak. Fold them into the chocolate yolk mixture. Beat whipping cream until it forms stiff peaks and fold chocolate mixture in. Chill for at least two hours before serving.
Goal: teeth
Solution: that are fake can be stored in a tub 
Goal: pole
Solution: can be run through quarter 
Goal: How do you make homemade cat food?
Solution: Cats are meat eaters, plain and simple. They have to have protein from meat for a strong heart, good vision, and a healthy reproductive system. Cooked beef, chicken, turkey, and small amounts of lean deli meats are a great way to give them that.
Goal: What is the easiest way to use cream to decorate a cake?
Solution: You can try to use a very small spoon and flat knife to gently place and shape the cream.
Goal: To place M&Ms on the lego brownies correctly
Solution: Add 4 m&ms to the small squares and the bigger ones will have 6 m&ms
Goal: To make orange paint,
Solution: mix together equal parts red paint and yellow paint.
Goal: How to prevent ice from forming on car windows?
Solution: Apply the mixture of water and vinegar to the windows after the ice forms and it will prevent ice from forming
Goal: How can you curve a piece of metal?
Solution: Firmly hold the sheet metal in the mechanical sheet pounder.  Press on the foot pedal while you hit the sheet with a hammer to create the curve that you want and to smooth it out once the basic shape has been created.
Goal: To keep a yard looking green all year, no matter what region you are in,
Solution: purchase the best grasses for yards and then spread them out.
Goal: Prevent cold sensation from eye drops.
Solution: Run bottle under hot water for a few seconds.
Goal: To make a stain remover.
Solution: Mix together dish water, peroxide, and grape soda. Cover the stain with a small amount and leave for 1-2 hours.
Goal: sandpaper
Solution: can sand rock smoothly.
Goal: Make a mixed drink.
Solution: Add alcohol and other ingredients into a shaker and shake it up , drink.
Goal: how do you hold someones hand?
Solution: place your fingers between their fingers and hug their hand with your fingers.
Goal: To keep Space Shuttle Rocket Stove from cooling too quickly.
Solution: Use an outer body made of steel.
Goal: How can I make ice
Solution: Add water to a ice tray and place in freezer until frozen
Goal: Add extra towel space to a bathroom.
Solution: Install additional towel racks to the back of the door.
Goal: To make sure that you are happy with your hair and makeup for your wedding,
Solution: have the artist try several looks on the big day.
Goal: How to avoid getting wet while going out in the rain?
Solution: Carry an umbrella.
Goal: Get rid of foul odors in the kitchen.
Solution: Bake an orange peel in the oven to give a kitchen a clean scent.;
Goal: How to quickly dry a shirt?
Solution: Once washed, hang the shirt over a hook and place outside on a cold and wet day to dry in the sun
Goal: How to clear notifications on an android phone
Solution: slide your finger down on the screen from the very bottom to the top. Push the text that says CLEAR on the bottom right.
Goal: make paper glasses
Solution: use rubber bands n ears
Goal: To secure a thread inside of a needle, you can
Solution: Carefully thread it through the hole
Goal: What should I do if I have unused business attire that I want to donate?
Solution: Donate the items to the red cross or another similar charity, they use the items for people who are trying to get a job and are poor.
Goal: What will it look like?
Solution: Sulphur reactions to the amino acids can cause the garlic to turn blue or green but eventually it will be a golden brown.
Goal: Hold hair bands on sink.
Solution: Wrap hair brands around a toilet paper roll.
Goal: When making cotton candy without a machine, what do I do with the spatulas?
Solution: You'll place two spatulas weighted down with something heavy such as bricks so that the wide ends are flush with the edge of something such as a table. Then you'll use them to catch strands of cotton candy.
Goal: The clean the dirt out of carpet,
Solution: turn off the vacuum and run it over the dirty spots.
Goal: How to Serve Garlic Aioli
Solution: To serve your Garlic Aioli, take out of the refrigerator to take the chill off before serving and add to burgers, chips or whatever you like to eat.
Goal: To cut lengths of wood to use in a project, you can
Solution: Mark where you want to cut and run the wood through a table saw
Goal: chop sticks
Solution: can pick up  cats 
Goal: Hold small nails and screws.
Solution: Tape old pill container to floor.
Goal: fix a broken keyboard stand
Solution: place binder clips on each side of the keyboard
Goal: To fix prescription glasses with broken arms,
Solution: attach the arms with super glue to the glasses.
Goal: cement
Solution: prevents  liver damage 
Goal: To remove blood stains from fabric.
Solution: Moisten the pot. Let sit. Dab with nitrogen peroxide. Wipe  away the pot and repeat the till the stain is completely removed.
Goal: How can I always remember the exact length of extension cords?
Solution: Write the width of cords on the plugs on each end to correctly identify cords.
Goal: To combine spinach, feta, and chickpeas to make hummus, you can
Solution: Place all three ingredients in a coffee grinder until combined
Goal: How do I clean a pair of satin high heels?
Solution: Prepare Your Shoes. Using a dry cloth, gently wipe all dust and dirt off of the shoes. ...    Blot the Stains. Dampen a dirty rag with cold water. ...    Dry. Dry your satin heels immediately with a hand towel. ...    Deeper Cleaning. ...    Dab the Stains. ...    Remove the Soap Residue. ...    Dry the Satin Heels.
Goal: How to mix your smoke bomb mixture?
Solution: Mix salt and potassium nitrate together into any ratio that you want.
Goal: Adding a radius to the corner of the steel.
Solution: Using the belt sander add a radius by rounding a corner of an edge of your piece of steel.
Goal: To make cream cheese easier to mix, you can
Solution: Put it in the freezer for a little while
Goal: metal bar
Solution: obliterates bricks 
Goal: To paint when you don't have any actual paints.
Solution: You can use the juices of fruits that you mash up into different colors in a pinch with a paint brush.
Goal: Make a rolling pin from a bed post.
Solution: Take a old bedpost and saw one rounded leg off of it.Screw 2 cork screw wine openers , one on each end.
Goal: How to sew kite.
Solution: Line up diamonds and pin together with sewing pins. Sew using a needle and thread.
Goal: To get the seeds out of a pumpkin.
Solution: Cut a hole in the top of the pumpkin and scrape out the seeds of the pumpkin ensuring to get all the tendrils that are connecting the seeds.
Goal: How do you position the brim of the hat?
Solution: Take the fabric and fold it into a rectangle, then pin the short side with sewing pins. Finally sew the side that is pinned.
Goal: To make a color of oil paint darker,
Solution: squeeze equal amounts of the original color and a lighter color onto a palette, and mix them with a palette knife blade, adding more of either color to adjust the shade.
Goal: how do you know if you have gas in your car?
Solution: check the gas gague.
Goal: What kind of donuts can I make in the air fryer?
Solution: In the air fryer, you can make cinnamon sugar donuts, frosted donuts, or donut holes.
Goal: Remove old bumper stickers from automobiles without using solvents.
Solution: Old bumper stickers and other types of stickers can be removed from automobiles easily with hot air. Use a hair dryer to heat up the sticker, which will also heat the adhesive on it. Once warmed, the bumper sticker should be peeled slowly away from the automobile while still applying hot air from the hair dryer. This will remove the bumber sticker without use of any solvents.
Goal: How do you keep cookies from spreading when baking?
Solution: Chill the dough beforehand to ensure they keep their shape.
Goal: get coconut from the shell
Solution: Poke into the coconut with a sharp knife. Drain the coconut water into a bowl or glass. Place the coconut on a hard surface and break it up with a hammer. Use a butter knife to separate the coconut flesh from the shell. Peel off the skin from the coconut flesh with a vegetable peeler.
Goal: Backseat Desks for the kids to play with
Solution: Use Cookie Jars as Backseat Desks.  The raised edges keep crayons from rolling off and the metallic surface is super for playing magnetic games and puzzles of all kinds.
Goal: Classic Spaghetti Sauce with Meat
Solution: Cook the ground beef, onion, and garlic over medium heat for 7 to 8 minutes. Add the tomato paste, basil, oregano, thyme, fennel, and optional crushed pepper. Add the tomatoes, broth, and sugar and simmer the sauce for 30 minutes. Adjust the flavorings and add the butter if the sauce is too acidic. Turn off the burner and serve the classic meat sauce
Goal: To get Jello to completely dissolve.
Solution: Make sure you stir the Jello powder into boiling hot water to make sure it completely dissolves.
Goal: To round the edge of a wooden stick, you can
Solution: Use a knife to round out the edge of the stick
Goal: chopsticks
Solution: can pry open a can
Goal: How to quickly melt chocolate bars?
Solution: Forgo the double boiler and crack the chocolate into a microwave safe bowl and heat for 15 minutes, stop and stir the chocolate then repeat every 15 minutes until melted
Goal: To add stability to PVC pipes after screwing them into place, you can
Solution: Add varnish to the connection between the pipes to that they stay firmly in place
Goal: To prevent splashes when using the toilet,
Solution: place a few hygienic pads inside of the toilet water.
Goal: When building a wooden base for a box, to ensure the wood stays together while drying, you can
Solution: Clamp the wood to a piece of glass while it dries to hold it still
Goal: How to remove stain from Marble counter-top?
Solution: Spray the stained area with water. Mix baking soda and water to the consistency of a thick paste. Apply it liberally to the stained patch on your marble. Cover the area with plastic wrap and let it rest for twenty-four hours. Lift the plastic wrap and use a damp cloth to wipe away the poultice. If the area is still stained, repeat the process.
Goal: cardboard box
Solution: can store pipe 
Goal: Find more fish in the lake.
Solution: If you walk into the lake and go underwater and look for the beds you can figure out where the fish hang out.
Goal: how to get rid of gnats
Solution: Create a simple fruit fly trap using apple cider vinegar and dish soap.or Mash up rotten fruits in a jar and cover the top with a plastic wrap ensuring there are no holes.
Goal: To make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich,
Solution: spread peanut butter and jelly onto a slice of bread, then place a second slice on top of it.
Goal: how do you use an ebt card?
Solution: slide the ebt card in the payment machine instead of a credit card.
Goal: How to make Japanese Persimmon Sauce at home.
Solution: Mix 2 cups chopped Green Persimmons, 3/4 cup water, 1 tsp.  sugar and stir over medium heat on stove for 30 min.
Goal: Who is the best professional to ask about a good doctor?
Solution: The best person to ask for advice on good doctors is a Physical Therapist, because they have been with patients who have been treated by many doctors and see what the doctor did.
Goal: How to charge your apple watch.
Solution: Place the watch on its charger and let sit overnight.
Goal: To stuff a pillow with down,
Solution: open the end, put the down in by hand until it reaches the level of firmness you desire, then sow the feathers together.
Goal: To keep food from sticking to the grill.
Solution: Try cutting an avocade in half and rubbing it on your grill as a substitute for cooking spray. It will help prevent food from sticking and also makes cleaning your grill a little easier after your food is cooked.
Goal: how do you download a playlist on spotify?
Solution: go to the playlist, and click on the download switch until it turns green.
Goal: How to lsoe weight by exercising
Solution: Simply between a few exercises: think jump rope, squats, mountain climbers, and squat jumps—then do each for 20 seconds as hard and fast as you can (while maintaining proper form, of course), then do the one you choose for 5 minutes once a month
Goal: rubbing
Solution: warms water 
Goal: how do you change an order at a restaurant?
Solution: tell the waiter what you'd like to change.
Goal: In order to finish the ends of your paracord bracelet,
Solution: tie the ends in a knot, cut the excess cord, and tape the ends.
Goal: To slice cookie bars in a pan,
Solution: using a chef's knife, press down into the cookie bars until you feel it slice through to the pan, making horizontal and vertical lines of equal distance across the pan.
Goal: Purchase your first screwdriver.
Solution: Go to the store and look at the screwdrivers. Purchase a flat head and a alan key screwdriver. That way you have all the tips you might need in one tool.
Goal: skateboard
Solution: can travel city slowly
Goal: to get free internet.
Solution: Use an app called Angry Birds, it's available for iPhone and Android.
Goal: To prevent the plastic covering on a lamp from melting, you should
Solution: Take care that the plastic is not directly touching the bulb
Goal: Fixed warped flooring.
Solution: Cover floor with newspaper, then run hot iron over.
Goal: To make the edges of a work piece smoother and blunt
Solution: You can blunt the sharp edges of a finished work by scraping it.
Goal: To write your name on the sidewalk with a piece of chalk.
Solution: Use a pen to inscribe your name in it,
Goal: How can you lessen your risk of Heart Attack or Stroke?
Solution: Drink a large Glass of water at bedtime.
Goal: rope
Solution: can tie bricks together
Goal: binder clip
Solution: can file like a  nail file 
Goal: What should I use to make batter for a southern fried pizza?
Solution: Combine the pizza dough with flour and water and mix until it becomes thick
Goal: Secure food thermometer to pot.
Solution: Clip thermometer to pot lid with a binder clip.
Goal: how to make bourbon-pecan stuffing
Solution: Make Classic Stuffing , adding 2 chopped pears, 1 cup chopped pecans and 1/2 cup bourbon to the cooked vegetables; simmer 2 minutes before adding the broth.
Goal: How to ensure food cooks evenly
Solution: Don't overcrowd the pan
Goal: Prevent books from falling off bookshelf
Solution: Place bookends at the ends of the last books on the shelf
Goal: ball
Solution: roll on  sofa 
Goal: How do you make an origami kite?
Solution: Place a round piece of origami paper on a flat surface. Fold the paper in half, diagonally. This fold should bring together two opposite corners neatly. Unfold the paper again. Fold each of the lower sloping outer edges inward.
Goal: t-shirt
Solution: can be stained by water usually
Goal: how do you shave a mustache?
Solution: put shaving cream on it.
Goal: how do you respond to a text?
Solution: text back.
Goal: wet towel
Solution: can be used as insulator when  freezing rise
Goal: Cheap and easy room deodorizer.
Solution: If you have lamps with lightbulbs, while they are turned off, drop a couple of peppermint drops or other candies you like, such as lemon or citrus, or lavender etc. When you turn on the lights, the room will fill with the scent you chose.
Goal: To attract hummingbirds to your yard,
Solution: provide red hummingbird feeders around your yard, install a birdbath with a mister attachment, provide places to perch, and paint your yard in red.
Goal: how to tame pepper heat
Solution: Discard the seeds from hot peppers to reduce the heat a bit and allow the pepper flavor to be appreciated.
Goal: How to hit a ball in baseball?
Solution: Follow the ball closely and hit the ball as it reaches near you.
Goal: To score 7 points in a football game,
Solution: score a touchdown.
Goal: To make a grocery list
Solution: write down the items that you want to purchase on a piece of paper, bring the list to the grocery store with you
Goal: Attach a garden hose to an outdoor spigot.
Solution: Attach the male end of the garden hose to the spigot and twist counterclockwise to tighten.
Goal: What is the best way to mix the ingredients?
Solution: Pour all of your dry ingredients into a bowl or a cup and stir them with either a spoon or a fork then pour in your wet ingredients and stir until fully Incorporated.
Goal: To make some hot chocolate,
Solution: boil some water and pour it into a cup with 3 scoops of hot chocolate mix.  Add a small amount of hot milk or creamer to make the drink cooler to drink and creamier to the taste.
Goal: Where do you find materials for your own faux animal head inexpensively?
Solution: You may find them around the house or some thrift store.
Goal: Monkeys
Solution: can latch onto glass 
Goal: how to make tropical clementines
Solution: Make Chocolate-Dipped Clementines, rolling them in chopped toasted almonds and toasted shredded coconut instead of pistachios.
Goal: How can you freshen your kitchen quickly?
Solution: Throw a sprig of mint and and an ice cube in the garbage disposal and turn on.
Goal: Make a bagel holder
Solution: Use an old CD player and remote control to store your bagel and keep it fresh.
Goal: Start plant seedlings organically.
Solution: Add soil and seed to half cracked egg shell with a hole at the bottom.
Goal: How to mark golf balls so you can identify them out on the golf course?
Solution: Draw a shape or letter on all the areas of the ball so that you can identify it regardless of which side it is laying on
Goal: how do I make avocado dressing?
Solution: 1/2 an Avocado    2 tsp Lime leaves and peel    2 tsp Water    Salt & Pepper
Goal: How do you tell if milk is spoiled?
Solution: Drink the milk and evaluate the taste of it afterwards.
Goal: Make reusable food strainer.
Solution: Use old spandex tights.
Goal: How to finely chop an onion
Solution: Cut the top and bottom ends of an onion before peeling off the papery skin. Cut in half vertically. Make vertical and horizontal cuts into the onion halves, then make fine slices lengthwise.
Goal: how to remove grass stains from clothes
Solution: Soak the stain for 15 minutes in a solution of two parts water to one part bleach.    Take a clean white rag and gently dab the stain.    Wash the stained pants or top with an enzyme-based laundry detergent. The enzymes will help lift the protein off the fabric.
Goal: Make a Cute Windowsill Vase out of Recycled Materials
Solution: Remove the wrapper from a water bottle and cut just the neck of the bottle off. Turn it upside down, and poke a few drainage holes in the bottom if using with soil, or leave bottom intact to hold cut flowers.
Goal: How do I give my PC a deep clean?
Solution: Remove all of your components and lay them out on a non-conductive surface. ...    Use compressed air and a lint free cloth to blow and wipe any dust build up you can see. ...    To clean fan blades, hold them steady and wipe or blow each blade individually.
Goal: To remove paper glued to wood to serve as a template for drill holes.
Solution: Use a water gun to remove the paper.
Goal: where to find already ripe avocados?
Solution: find a grocery store that is in the back of a fast food restaurant.
Goal: How do you protect your hands while cutting boxes with extremely sharp objects?
Solution: Put on a pair of latex gloves that will deflect the object if you slip.
Goal: How do you prevent onions from sticking to the pot when you brown the onions?
Solution: Add a couple of tablespoons olive oil and stir them frequently.
Goal: stainless steel bucket
Solution: can be hung from two wooden mixing spoons 
Goal: How to know if a fridge is cold or not?
Solution: Open the fridge's door and if there is a cold sensation coming from it, then it is cold.
Goal: To pull a coil to elongate it, you can
Solution: Use scissors
Goal: How do I prepare the oreos when making no churn oreo ice cream?
Solution: Separate the cookies into one bowl and the filling into another. Set aside the filling.
Goal: How do you bead the necklace?
Solution: Tape down the leather you are going to use for the necklace and attach the bead to a silk string. Bring the string through to the left side of the leather, and under, and then over to the right side.
Goal: To protect your eyes from the sunlight,
Solution: wear sunglasses on your hat to cover your eyes.
Goal: Prevent cracked eggs during boiling.
Solution: Add cooking oil to water.
Goal: How do you add flavoring to stove popped popcorn?
Solution: You can add flavoring after the popcorn has finished by placing it intoa bowl, sprinkling with seasoning and shaking.
Goal: Light up tiny candle wicks.
Solution: Use cooked noodle to light candle.
Goal: To crush cookies, you can
Solution: Place in a ziploc bag and crush with a toothpick
Goal: How can you embellish your homemade ski gloves?
Solution: Homemade ski gloves can be embellished  prior to after wearing on a ski trip with your name or other identifying information.
Goal: salt
Solution: can be on the printer 
Goal: how to sanitize a kitchen sponge?
Solution: soak in lemon juice, and dry with a hairdryer.
Goal: how do you tackle someone?
Solution: run at them full speed
Goal: how to replace a graden hose end
Solution: Cut Hose. Using the utility knife, cut cleanly through the hose, insert Replacement End. Push the threaded replacement end of the hose repair kit as far as it will go into the cut end of the garden hose, attach Clamp.
Goal: Grilling Avocados
Solution: Grease your grill and set it to a medium-high heat. Halve your avocado and take out the stone. Brush the avocado with olive oil and season it. Place your avocado face down directly on the grill for 4 to 5 minutes. Serve your grilled avocado while still warm
Goal: How To make a Caramel Sauce
Solution: To make a Caramel Sauce combine butter and sugar in a saucepan on medium low heat. Do not stir the mixture as the butter melts, if you need to, you can gently swirl the pan to combine the butter and sugar.
Goal: What are cookie cutters for when making an apple pie?
Solution: To cut out shapes on the top of the pie.
Goal: Prevent fighting between babies in car ride.
Solution: Place cardboard in between each car seat.
Goal: To bake cookies with perfect texture.
Solution: Chill the dough prior to baking (one hour is good; overnight is better). Also, when you remove the cookies from the oven, bang the pan straight down on the stove to force the cookies to jump off.
Goal: how do you set off a motion detector light?
Solution: clap your hands twice.
Goal: Learn how to make a storage spot for a hairdryer in the bathroom.
Solution: Using a screwdriver and screws attach a magazine holder onto the back of a cabinet door to store the hairdryer.
Goal: To remove a dandelion from the ground, you can
Solution: Use your fingers to pick the dandelion
Goal: To start a fire when you have no kindling.
Solution: Light a strawberry, due to the high volume of oil in them, they burn a long time.
Goal: How can you clean your shoelaces?
Solution: Remove your shoelaces from your shoe, and get a solution of 1 part water and 3 part laundry detergent. Add your shoe laces into the mix without mixing and let them soak for 10 minutes.
Goal: How to Make Sugar and Spice Mixture for Apple Roses
Solution: To make the spice mixture for apple roses, simply combine sugar, cinnamon and nutmeg in a bowl and mash them together with a potato masher.
Goal: To make a costume
Solution: Find a costume that you want to make and follow instructions for making it properly. Start with pieces of it.
Goal: shoes
Solution: made on baking sheet 
Goal: how do you show muscles?
Solution: flex where they are.
Goal: Lug wrench
Solution: Untighten  Screws 
Goal: How do I cream butter to make butter cookies?
Solution: To cream butter for butter cookies, mix the butter, sugar, egg yolk, vanilla and salt in a mixer until liquid.
Goal: To hollow an apple to make a pie 'crust'.
Solution: Wash the apple under cold water, then dry with a paper towel. Cut the bottom off the apple with a knife, then cut a guideline around the rim of the apple flesh for hollowing the apple. Take a regular teaspoon and start hollowing the apple by scooping out the flesh.
Goal: tupperware
Solution: can hold leftovers in the attic
Goal: Use a magnifying glass to kill an ant.
Solution: When the sun is out, hold the magnifying glass above an ant at a distance so the suns rays focus on the ant.
Goal: To protect your shoes from scuffs.
Solution: Apply a nice coat of car wax to them before wearing them out.
Goal: how to make pretty butter pats
Solution: squeeze butter through a pastry bag or plastic beg onto a cookie sheet, set in refrigerator to harden.
Goal: To help keep brown sugar from clumping up in storage,
Solution: add a few small marshmallows to the bag.
Goal: what do I do with chicken and bacon to make dinner?
Solution: 4  chicken breast fillets chopped    6 slices bacon chopped    1/2 cup semi-dried tomatoes halved    250g tub philly cream for cooking    Instructions    In a non-stick frying pan, over moderate high heat brown the bacon.    Add chicken and cook, stirring until just golden.    Add the semi-dried tomatoes and season with cracked pepper.    Stir to combine. Reduce heat to low and add the cream.    Simmer for 10 minutes.    Serve with rice.
Goal: Make a plastic phone holder.
Solution: Insert into old cassette case.
Goal: Graffiti
Solution: will mark up a thin piece of paper very easily
Goal: To make sure that homemade french fries are crispy, you can
Solution: Space them out so that they aren't touching
Goal: linen cloth
Solution: can make mummies wrapping
Goal: Weaken seal of a sealed envelope.
Solution: Put envelope in fridge for one hour.
Goal: How can I make a cute holder for towels or mail?
Solution: Slice a gash about 1/3 way through a tennis ball, put on googly eyes, mount the ball on the wall, then stick mail, towels or whatever in it's mouth.
Goal: To clear crawling ivy and stop it from blocking your stairwell,
Solution: chop off roots and then wrap the extending plants around the wood railing on your porch and tie them to it temporarily until they lock on.
Goal: how do you look at one friends location specifically on find my friends?
Solution: open the app, and click on your friends name.
Goal: How do you drill a hole in the same spot on every cabinet door without having to measure?
Solution: Make a template using a scrap piece of cardboard: drill a hole in the desired location on the cardboard, then line up the template with the edges on each cabinet door. Drill through the hole in the cardboard.
Goal: how to write perfectly on a cake
Solution: use a toothpick to carve your words on the cake, and go over with a decorative tip.
Goal: binder clip
Solution: holds houses tight
Goal: Prevent babies from opening cabinets.
Solution: Cover locks with cookie cutters.
Goal: How do you solder two coins together?
Solution: Place coins where you would like them to be joined and apply glue to both sides in order to make them adhere to each other.  Cool down quickly with a water bottle.
Goal: How do you make a homemade candle smell good?
Solution: Before the wax hardens, use a cake piper to add a few drops of essential oil to the mix.
Goal: To cook mushrooms in a pan
Solution: Fry for 5 minutes or until crispy
Goal: What items do I need to make a bed?
Solution: The simplest made bed needs only a sheet set and a blanket. For added comfort, include a mattress pad. For a more luxurious or comforting look, consider adding decorative linens, such as pillow shams or a bed skirt.
Goal: To make chowder become a smooth sauce, you can
Solution: Run the chowder through a sieve until smooth
Goal: Dishtowels 
Solution: absorb water from pots when wet
Goal: How do you replace the cream from an Oreo with peanut butter?
Solution: Pull the top and bottom of the Oreo apart, scrape off the cream with a butter knife and throw it away, then spread and layer of peanut butter in its place, and put the top and bottom back together.
Goal: To attach plastic for a liner to the bottom of a wooden box
Solution: You can hold the plastic down rubber bands
Goal: Carry a propane tank without it rolling around in your vehicle.
Solution: Put the empty propane bottle into a bag. Hang the bag on your clothing hook. That will keep it stable instead of rolling around the car.
Goal: To heat milk, you can
Solution: Place it in a metal sauce pan in the microwave
Goal: How to put batter in a loaf pan
Solution: Scrape the batter into the prepared loaf pan and smooth the bottom with the back of a spoon.
Goal: To make it so that breadcrumbs will stick to pork, you can
Solution: Start by dipping the pork in peanut butter
Goal: To firm up the cookie batter prior to cooking
Solution: place into the oven to cook for 25-30 minutes.
Goal: Remove nails from planks.
Solution: Pull the nail out partway using your fingernails, then use the claw grip to pry it out.
Goal: How to make key lime sauce at home.
Solution: 2 cup chopped key limes (including rind - finely chopped), 3/4 cup water, 1 cup sugar and stir over medium heat on stove for 30 min.
Goal: Make a quick no-sew superhero cape.
Solution: Toss a bedsheet over your back and tie the top corners around your neck like a kerchief.
Goal: Prepare beer cans to be used as hair rollers
Solution: Pour out any beer in the cans, fill each can with warm tap water, empty water out, place a wet paper towel on the counter,place beer cans upside down to dry
Goal: notebook binder
Solution: can't hold a tack 
Goal: how do I fill a water balloon?
Solution: place the open part of the balloon over the handle n the faucet. Hold tightly and slowly turn water on. Turn off water when balloon is full. Gently remove balloon from faucet and tie off. Repeat s needed
Goal: To soften clay before working with it, you can
Solution: Add a drop of mineral oil to the clay
Goal: How to clean computer screen.
Solution: Spray screen with glass cleaner and wipe with paper towel.
Goal: how do you cover a window up?
Solution: put a curtain on the rod over the window.
Goal: To make a syrup using sugar and cinnamon.
Solution: Combine 1 stick of cinnamon, 1 cup of sugar, and 1 cup of water, and bring to boil. Lower heat and simmer  for 10 minutes
Goal: To clean a section of metal without rusting it, you can
Solution: Use an oil based cleaning solution
Goal: To lose weight.
Solution: Watch videos about weight loss.
Goal: To pack for a vacation carefully,
Solution: make a list of what everyone needs and double check it.
Goal: To avoid packing too much for your trip,
Solution: don't worry about clothing since it can easily be purchased at your destination.
Goal: How to heat crayons with heat gun.
Solution: Using your hands, grab any colored crayon of your choice. Turn the heat gun on and place it directly or close to the crayon. Wait for the crayon to melt.
Goal: To plan for a vacation,
Solution: make a list of all of your desired activities.
Goal: How do I cut off the top of the box ?
Solution: Draw with a pencil a line parallel to the top of the box and 3 inches lower than the top of the box. Then, cut on  the line with a band saw.
Goal: pitcher
Solution: can be used to hold a  broom 
Goal: credit card
Solution: can tighten the screws on the pan but not easily
Goal: Where to get good treats in IKEA.
Solution: One can purchase treats from the Electronics store down town.
Goal: Clean up the appearance of a used text book.
Solution: Remove any existing book cover as well as any loose objects that may be found inside the book. Smooth out any wrinkled or folded pages. Use an eraser to remove any pencil markings from the inside pages, inside cover or the binding of the book.
Goal: glue
Solution: can be used to make a  house 
Goal: how do you relapse?
Solution: do one last round of what you're quitting.
Goal: What fabric should I use to make DIY kitchen towels?
Solution: You should use a fabric that is waterproof.
Goal: Mix an Oil-Fighting Mask with Strawberries
Solution: Mash up 8 fresh strawberries and combine with mayonnaise. Add coconut oil and honey for extra shine. Apply the mask to wet hair. Let the mixture soak in for 15 minutes before rinsing clean.
Goal: What can you do with your key if you are on a run or hike with no pockets?
Solution: Clip the key or key ring into the loop at the back of your baseball cap to keep it with you.
Goal: How to make a donut for a pendant lamp from recycled wood.
Solution: Use a bigger drill bit so the jigsaw blade can fit in it, make the donut shape by cutting the inner part of the lamp's lower circle by making a doughnut.
Goal: Make organic toothpaste.
Solution: Mix one third salt with two thirds baking soda.
Goal: To cut onions without your eyes tearing up.
Solution: Chew gum while you cut the onions to prevent tears.
Goal: save 100,000
Solution: work hard and don't miss a paycheck
Goal: To hide spare key in the vinyl siding of your house.
Solution: Tie a bright ribbon to the key and slide into the seems of the vinyl siding.
Goal: How can I keep a bag of cereal sealed securely after I open it?
Solution: You can use clothes pins to seal the bag after you push out the extra air and fold it closed a few times.
Goal: How do you get rid of skunk spray?
Solution: Mix 1 quart hydrogen peroxide, ¼ cup baking soda, and 1 teaspoon dish-washing liquid. Use this solution to wash away skunk spray.
Goal: To keep your basement from smelling musty,
Solution: use a dehumidifier during humid months.
Goal: how to master the quick pickle
Solution: Whisk a little salt and sugar into some white vinegar. Pour over thinly sliced raw vegetables. Wait 20 minutes. Eat.
Goal: To get a player out in baseball,
Solution: touch the player with your hand.
Goal: How can you guard against theft of your bank money?
Solution: Put a deliberately fake PIN on the back of your debit card so the thief will try to enter that PIN in and the ATM will confiscate the card.
Goal: How to make Peach Daiquiri Ice cream at home.
Solution: In a medium mixing bowl combine 7 cups chilled whipping cream, 2 14 oz. cans sweetened condensed milk and 1 cup Peach Daiquiri mix, 1 cup dark rum.     Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form. Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan. Freeze about 8 hours until firm. Serve with fresh peach slices.
Goal: Around what age is an average toddler ready to start potty training?
Solution: 22-24 months old is the age that most toddlers can start potty training.
Goal: Remove swelling from acne.
Solution: Put yogurt on pimple for one minute.
Goal: Prevent getting wet from rain during camping.
Solution: Cover up any holes with masking tape.
Goal: brick
Solution: can hang on hook 
Goal: How can I relieve Migraine headaches at home?
Solution: Chugging one glass of Grape juice quickly will relieve the headache.
Goal: How to make an easy finger skateboard?
Solution: Cut out a piece of cardboard, lift the edges slightly and then place some double sided tape on the top, use your fingers to ride the skateboard
Goal: What can I use to plant seeds inside before starting a garden?
Solution: Cut plastic soda bottles in half and use the top as planters.
Goal: to make a fun and messy twister game
Solution: use shaving creme and food dye
Goal: how do you give a thumbs down?
Solution: make your hand a fist, and only leave your thumb straight down.
Goal: To clean an electric razor.
Solution: Disassemble your electric razor as you usually would to clean it. You need to be able to access the blades and the screens. Once disassembled, CAREFULLY brush the blades while running them under hot water, then rinse them with hot water. Brush and rinse the screens under hot water also. Then, reassemble the razor.
Goal: To firm up the spekulatius cookie dough
Solution: Form the dough into a smooth ball, wrap in plastic wrap and store in the oven overnight or at least a minimum of one hour
Goal: If you want to deep fry turkey, what should you consider before buying turkey?
Solution: Select a turkey that is large enough for your gathering but not smaller than the minimum size recommended for your fryer.
Goal: What kind of box should I use for the seat part of a cardboard Iron Throne cat bed?
Solution: You should use a box big enough for you to lay in comfortably, and that has an attached lid you can open for the back of the throne seat.
Goal: How do you make "eggs and bacon" candy?
Solution: Eggs and bacon candy is made by topping eggs and bacon strips with pretzel sticks, melted white chocolate, and yellow M&Ms; place pretzels on top of top the eggs and bacon, add a dollop of the chocolates, then place a yellow M&M on top.
Goal: highlighter
Solution: highlights hands to see
Goal: How do you escape a car if the car is sinking?
Solution: Roll down the windows so when water comes in the pressure on the door is equalized and you can open it to get out.
Goal: Paint a design on a glass or cup.
Solution: Use acrylic glass paint for the most durable result. Unless it specifically instructs you to, you won't need to cure it after painting, just let it dry as you would a canvas. The paint will last a long time but don't use a scrub brush on it or the paint may begin to wear off.
Goal: To get a canned beverage completely cold in 15 minutes
Solution: Wrap a wet paper towel around the beverage and put it in the freezer.
Goal: How can I poke a hole in leather without a leather punch?
Solution: Use a toothpick and a hammer to tap the toothpick until a hole is formed.
Goal: how to strike a match on a zipper
Solution: Open the front fold of your pants to expose the zipper. Use one hand to stretch the fabric of your pants so that the cargo pocket on the back is as straight and flat as possible. Hold the match in your other hand, press it into the top of your zipper, and strike downward with light pressure.
Goal: how do you make a frozen waffle?
Solution: place it in the toaster for three minutes.
Goal: How can I get cheap Pizza?
Solution: If you use the promo code 9ANY at Pizza hut online you can get any pizza from there for 9 dollars.
Goal: Prevent wasted food.
Solution: Keep track of bought dates.
Goal: plate
Solution: be used to play frisbee 
Goal: To play a VHS tape.
Solution: Insert the tape into the VCR and press fast forward.
Goal: needle and thread
Solution: can form gaping holes ancient tapestry
Goal: Fill a cupcake without a pipe bag
Solution: After the cupcakes are baked, use a melon baller to remove a piece of the center top of the cupcake. Reserve for later.  spoon filling into the hole, and place the top back on the cupcake and ice
Goal: what can I use to make bean soup in a jar
Solution: 1/3 cup pinto Beans    1/3 cup green peas    1/3 cup black beans    1/3 cup great northern beans    1/3 cup kidney beans    1 teaspoon dry mustard    1 teaspoon paprika    1 tablespoons onions    1 tablespoon garlic    1 tablespoon oregano    1 bay leaf    1 teaspoon rosemary    1 veggie bouillon cubes
Goal: How do I keep a pot of pasta from boiling over?
Solution: Put the lid on top of the boiling pot.
Goal: Clean an outdoor grill grate.
Solution: Remove grates from grill. Add grill parts to a 5 gallon bucket filled with soapy water. Allow grill grates to soak overnight. Scrub grill grates with a wire brush and rinse with cool water to clean.
Goal: How do I flavor the filling for a clear lime pie?
Solution: To flavor the filling of a clear lime pie, add puree of any flavor you want.
Goal: How can you double your zip loc bags?
Solution: Heat up an old butter knife with a lighter and slice the bag in half (so that only one side has a zipper part) the hot knife cauterizes the edges of the two new bags. The cauterized edges are as strong as the factory sealed edges!
Goal: How do you add hinges to a cabinet?
Solution: You mark then measure where the hinges go and then screw them in with a drill.
Goal: pumice
Solution: can scratch a patio 
Goal: television
Solution: can display a bucket 
Goal: transfer items from cutting board
Solution: use a bench scraper
Goal: My phone does not properly charge, or it charges slowly, how can I fix this?
Solution: Make sure that the phone charger has the right current and voltage to charge your phone. A charger with a lower voltage or current than its included charger will not be able to charge a phone quickly, and will be inefficient and time consuming to do so.
Goal: How to make an easter nest edible?
Solution: Use deep fried chow mein noodles and then coat them in melted chocolate, lay those down as the nest for the easter eggs
Goal: To glue magnets to a board
Solution: Sand only the magnet before applying epoxy
Goal: How can I fit more ketchup into the small paper cups they give you?
Solution: Undo the paper cup slightly and enlarge it in this way, then fill it.
Goal: freeze soup
Solution: Cool. Refrigerators and freezers cannot cool soups quickly enough to be food safe. ...    Package. Label and date gallon- or quart-size zip-top plastic freezer bags, place in a stew pot, and cuff the bag over the edge. ...    Freeze. ...    Reheat.
Goal: How can you store your boots in the closet so they won't be smushed?
Solution: Hang them up on pant's hangers, use the clips to clip the tops of the boots.
Goal: vacuum
Solution: clean water entirely
Goal: how can i make my own Italian seasoning blend?
Solution: 1-1/2 tsp oregano    1 tsp parsley    1 tsp thyme    1/2 tsp basil    1/2 tsp sage    1/2 tsp sea salt    1/2 tsp ground pepper    Use this seasoning in pasta sauce, Italian dressing or as a seasoning for approximately 1 pound of chicken or fish.
Goal: How can I make my own fire starters for camping trips?
Solution: Fill toilet bowls with lint from your dryer, it's quite flammable.
Goal: How do you row a boat?
Solution: Sit down towards the end of the boat. Grasp one oar in each hand with an overhand grip. Your hand should be at the end of the oar, with your thumb on the tip of the oar. Use the same motions as you would a rowing machine.
Goal: How do you remove a sliver?
Solution: Run cold water over the sliver area and then try and pull the sliver out of the skin with your bare hands as quick as possible.
Goal: How to trim leather tassels evenly.
Solution: Cut across bottom of leather tassels with scissors in a straight line.
Goal: How to clean your tires white sidewalls
Solution: You can use rubbing alcohol and a clean rag to remove most whitewall scuffs
Goal: How do you get into an Eagles game?
Solution: Talk your way into the event.
Goal: how to make a pistachio slush
Solution: Puree 1/4 cup pistachios, 1/2 cup each water and milk, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla and a pinch of salt in a blender with 3/4 cup ice until smooth and foamy. Garnish with pomegranate seeds.
Goal: How to hollow an egg.
Solution: Using a large needle, pierce both ends of the shell. Wiggle the needle around in a circular motion to open the hole at one end. Repeat at the other end, then blow out the yolk and white.
Goal: Fill chocolate molds with chocolate
Solution: Use your chocolate pieces and pour into the molds and then refrigerate until set
Goal: What must be done before the first step?
Solution: Use or remove all of the toilet paper from the roll.
Goal: To decorate a wooden nesting box which won't harm wildlife
Solution: use paint or wood preservatives
Goal: To simplify the wood carving process,
Solution: Use green wood
Goal: To clean a mousepad
Solution: Fill a sink with warm water and a squirt of hand soap. Toss the mousepad in. Use a sponge to rub the mousepad surface lightly, applying a bit more pressure if the stains are more stubborn. Rinse the mousepad nicely, making sure there's no soap left, and pat the mousepad dry with a dish towel.
Goal: To add something to a homemade baby rattle so it makes noise.
Solution: Put glass marbles inside the rattle.
Goal: How to connect metal bars to make bicycle cargo trailer.
Solution: Connect metal bars by welding them at the corners.
Goal: how do you invite someone somewhere?
Solution: tell them where you're going.
Goal: Help your arthritic dog up steps
Solution: Using a large towel, wrap the towel under the belly of the dog. Hold the ends and gently lift while the dog is going up the steps. Alternately, cut leg holes in a shopping bag, and put the dog's rear legs gently through the holes. Hold onto the handle and help the dog get around.
Goal: How can I keep an egg from spoiling quickly while making egg tempera?
Solution: Place the yolk in a mixture of white vinegar and water.
Goal: How do you plan for a good nap?
Solution: If possible, plan to have a nap every other day about the same time, having a regularly scheduled nap will help your body adjust to falling asleep and make it a routine.
Goal: How can I keep kitty litter from spreading all over the house?
Solution: Put a square of artificial grass in front of litter box.
Goal: To reduce the swelling of acne,
Solution: pour hot water on your face.
Goal: Soothe a fever.
Solution: Place vaseline in freezer for 5 minutes, then apply on neck.
Goal: Make a sauce tray.
Solution: Use cookie tray to hold different sauces.
Goal: How to clean a table.
Solution: Take all debris off the table and put it where it belongs. Once table is clear, get a wet wash cloth and run it over the top of the table.
Goal: how to keep fish from sticking to the pan
Solution: use a fish spatula to flip
Goal: how do you pull over for a cop when driving?
Solution: turn your right blinker on and pull to the right and come to a hault in a safe spot.
Goal: To increase the number of calories your body burns in a day,
Solution: participate in a vigorous cardio exercise activity such as running or biking.
Goal: Keep bathroom drawers organized.
Solution: Use a strict placement chart to organize your bathroom drawers.
Goal: rubber band
Solution: can help grasp vise grip handles
Goal: Prevent table cloth at park from blowing away.
Solution: Use a fitted bed sheet.
Goal: What should be mixed with yolk for Deviled Eggs?
Solution: Mustard powder, dill weed and mayonnaise are common components.
Goal: What can I do about a rash or when my skin is irritated?
Solution: Wash the affected area with warm water and light soap, do not be forceful or scrape off excess skin. Dry the area, and then apply a topical lotion that relieves itching.
Goal: To keep flower pots from damaging floors and furniture.
Solution: To help keep your pots from damaging your floors or windowsills, simply add furniture polish to the bottom and you’ll keep your surfaces scuff-free.
Goal: To make it easier for sugar to dissolve into water, you should
Solution: Heat the water while constantly stirring
Goal: credit card
Solution: can buy ladder 
Goal: To heat butter so it melts, you can
Solution: Microwave in a glass dish
Goal: How to Make a Fruit Fly Trap
Solution: To make a fruit fly trap, you will just need a few materials. Gather a plastic container, plastic wrap, a rubber band and a piece of overripe fruit for bait.
Goal: How to clean a wooden acoustic guitar?
Solution: Use a small amount of distilled vinegar and a cloth to rub and buff the guitar strings
Goal: To make the pie crust into the pie shape.
Solution: Place the premixed pie crust dough into a pie pan and press the dough onto the top and the sides until uniformly shaped crust is made.
Goal: how do you kill an ant?
Solution: Place it in water and let it drown.
Goal: To prevent the kneaded cinnamon bread dough from sticking while rolling it out
Solution: Roll out your dough on a printer paper
Goal: How do i make juice
Solution: Take the fruit of your preference, cut it in pieces, place it on the floor with water, add sugar and turn it on
Goal: How to Start a Day in a Healthy Way
Solution: Get a good night’s sleep. adults need between 3-4 hours of sleep per night
Goal: Use alternative mouth wash.
Solution: Swoosh alcohol around mouth for half a minute.
Goal: To prevent a child from making purchases on a cell phone,
Solution: place the cell phone inside of a small sandwich bag or Ziploc bag.
Goal: How can I hang a curtain without a curtain rod?
Solution: String a rope between two nails below the window.
Goal: To put canned pumpkin and egg together,
Solution: drop the egg white and yolk into a large bowl, and add the canned pumpkin to it.
Goal: To reward your children for doing chores,
Solution: pay them an hourly rate no less than minimum wage.
Goal: How do I fend off a male attacker who is stronger than me?
Solution: Keep a can of mace on hand, then aim it at their eyes and spray with your finger.
Goal: bench
Solution: can be used as a step ladder for viewing
Goal: One wants to re-purpose an old hoodie.
Solution: One could make a sling.
Goal: how do I clean a baby bottle?
Solution: As soon as possible after your baby finishes a feed, wash the bottle, teat and lid in hot soapy water.    Use a bottle opener, and be sure to clean out any dried milk stuck inside the bottle and teat.    Once it is clean, rinse the equipment with some fresh water and allow it to air dry.
Goal: make chex mix
Solution: 3 cups Corn Chex™ cereal    3 cups Rice Chex™ cereal    3 cups Wheat Chex™ cereal    1 cup mixed nuts    1 cup bite-size pretzels    1 cup garlic-flavor bite-size bagel chips or regular-size bagel chips, broken into 1-inch pieces    6 tablespoons butter or margarine    2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce    1 1/2 teaspoons seasoned salt    3/4 teaspoon garlic powder    1/2 teaspoon onion powder    In large microwavable bowl, mix cereals, nuts, pretzels and bagel chips; set aside. In small microwavable bowl, microwave butter uncovered on High about 40 seconds or until melted. Stir in seasonings. Pour over cereal mixture; stir until evenly coated.    Microwave uncovered on High 50 to 60 minutes, thoroughly stirring every 20 minutes. Spread on paper towels to cool.
Goal: After making homemade BBQ sauce, you should
Solution: Let it sit in the fridge for 24 days before serving
Goal: water bottle
Solution: can be worn with reading glasses 
Goal: how to make caesar blend dressing
Solution: 1 pasteurized egg yolk, 1 garlic clove, the juice of 1 lemon, 1 teaspoon dijon mustard and 4 anchovies in a blender. Gradually blend in 1/2 cup olive oil, six egg yolks and a splash of water. Stir in 1/2 cup grated Parmesan.
Goal: Hem your own pants.
Solution: Try on your pants and fold up the hem to where you would like it. Use a piece of tape to hold the hem up if needed. Take off pants, trim to size and sew a new hem.
Goal: To melt crayons for use in art.
Solution: Put the crayons together into a hot place, such as an oven, and let them melt in the heat.
Goal: How do I clear my mind to get the best possible sleep?
Solution: Use a mantra, a short repeated phrase to center your mind, visualize a relaxing place like a bombed out city or forest fire and you can always count sheep.
Goal: To replace the battery on a smoke detector.
Solution: Open the casing of the detector (with a screwdriver if needed) and replace the battery.
Goal: To keep a lawn green and free of weed,
Solution: provide the lawn with appropriate amounts of water, fertilizer, and weed killer.
Goal: To choose a pot for growing plants,
Solution: make sure the pot has a hole on the bottom of it.
Goal: How can you get a child to smile in a photo?
Solution: Ask the kid to tell you to tell you a sad story, and then tell them they CAN NOT laugh (it will crack them up and they can't help but smile).
Goal: How to fold a coin into a ring?
Solution: Begin by using the nylon hammer and striking the coin towards the center while pushing outward to the edge of the coin. Repeat until the size you want.
Goal: Make the eye slots bigger in a latex mask
Solution: Use sharp scissors to trim on top of the eye slots , trim of the latex until you reach the desired shape
Goal: How can I make orange scented candles at home?
Solution: Melt wax, add Orange oil, insert your wick and allow it to cool.
Goal: plastic wrap
Solution: can be used to store leftover steak 
Goal: How do you remove whitewash from brick?
Solution: Dampen the surface of the brick or concrete you want to clean with muriatic acid and then, taking care not to splash, pour the contents of the bucket on to the surface. Leave it on the surface for 10 minutes. After this time you can rub the surface with a soft brush to remove dirt stuck in the brick or concrete.
Goal: To mail a letter,
Solution: get a stamp, lick it, and put it on the envelope after addressing it.
Goal: How to change the batteries in a television remote.
Solution: Remove battery cover, remove old batteries, place new batteries with the positive side of the battery towards the spring, repeat with other battery & replace cover.
Goal: Remove lingering kitchen smell.
Solution: Boil 1 cup of water and 1/2 cup of cooking oil until all liquid is gone.
Goal: how do you let something rot?
Solution: don't take care of it.
Goal: Make a clothes hamper.
Solution: Pin a pillow case to the wall.
Goal: How do you hang a shelf?
Solution: Get shelf hanger brackets, when you see where you want to hang it hammer nails in the wall and screw the brackets on.
Goal: tub
Solution: can retain  memories  
Goal: Create a spooky Halloween lawn decoration.
Solution: Fill a Tyvek mechanic's overalls with leaves. Add a pumpkin for a head as well as gloves, shoes, and a hat.
Goal: how to keep mosquitos away while sitting around a fire
Solution: set up bubble wands and a fan to gently blow the bubbles towards the fire.
Goal: how do you choose what song to play next on spotify?
Solution: go to the song that's playing and click on the menu button on the bottom right of the screen. then pick the song you'd like to play next.
Goal: Choose a suitable object for the project.
Solution: Wood objects that work the best for this project include boxes, frames, and wooden letters. Avoid beveled shapes, such as balls or candlesticks, as this will cause the paper to crinkle.
Goal: To make a quick base for a DIY arts and crafts box.
Solution: Use a sewing box with built in compartments.
Goal: How to remove the fishy smell from a kitchen after cooking fish?
Solution: Leave a bottle of vinegar on the counter to remove the odour
Goal: To hit a home run,
Solution: hit the baseball and run to all 3 bases without the opposing team tagging you out.
Goal: what to do with old, stale bread
Solution: make breadcrumbs in a food processor;
Goal: how do you help someone?
Solution: tell them what to do.
Goal: how to cream butter
Solution: add butter and milk to a jar and shake until creamy.
Goal: spatula
Solution: can beat up paper 
Goal: to stop brown sugar from going hard
Solution: Pop a couple of marshmallows on top of your pocket
Goal: how do you count down?
Solution: count up from the starting number
Goal: Increase cushion for dog bed.
Solution: Wrap dog bed with old shower curtain.
Goal: how do you accept a request on facebook?
Solution: go to your friend request and click on confirm friend.
Goal: How to create slingshot pellets
Solution: Tear a piece of paper in half until it is rectangular in shape and thick enough. Then fold the rectangle in half so that the rubber band is able to be held back with it.
Goal: Keep flowers fresh during transport.
Solution: Stick stems into slits of raw meat.
Goal: How do I choose the right pumpkin to be turned into a cooler?
Solution: You should use a pumpkin that is about ready to ripen
Goal: To make razor blades sharper after several uses,
Solution: run the razor blades along the side of a pair of jeans.
Goal: To make your house the best for trick-or-treating,
Solution: set up a haunted house and give out king size candy bars.
Goal: How can you beat a man when playing Rock Paper Scissors?
Solution: Throw paper first against the man, he almost always will select rock.
Goal: How can I prevent pulling a muscle while running?
Solution: Stretch before running.
Goal: nails
Solution: can use tissue to build
Goal: To iron clothes faster.
Solution: Place a layer of wrapping paper under your ironing board cover. This makes ironing faster and more efficient.
Goal: Protect hands during car repairs.
Solution: Cover hands with paper bags when checking oil.
Goal: shelf
Solution: is used to being wiped with a brush 
Goal: To make a simple watch rack out of empty toilet paper rolls, how many rolls do I need?
Solution: You need four rolls (one for the rack bar and one for each of the two legs of the stand).
Goal: crayon
Solution: can color wood. 
Goal: how do you use the internet on an iphone?
Solution: pull down the search bar and type in the website you need.
Goal: To measure 1 cup of ingredients without a 1 cup measuring cup,
Solution: simply use a 1/2 cup measuring cup twice.
Goal: How can we change and install the lock?
Solution: Purchase your new lock, remove the deadbolt only, insert the new deadbolt nd leave the old dead lock on the door, then test the old deadlock to see if it works with the new deadbolt.
Goal: To remove a stuck nail in a wooden board.
Solution: Use a hammer and a cat's paw, hammer the paw over the nail and use the paw to pry the nail out.
Goal: To close a zipper,
Solution: grasp the zipper between two fingers, then pull in the direction that you want to close.
Goal: how do you break a house window?
Solution: throw a large rock through the center.
Goal: Increase fuel for hiking trip.
Solution: Eat two candy bars.
Goal: Feed the cow.
Solution: Bring hay and straw and grass and grain near the cow.
Goal: How do you increase the volume of a TV with a remote?
Solution: Holding the remote towards the TV, locate the volume control functions on the remote and press the button that increases the volume.
Goal: To make water run not too fast in a farm setting.
Solution: You make your dug terrace not to be too deep.
Goal: inexpensive softbox
Solution: use a trashbag over a light shade.
Goal: How do I make a casserole?
Solution: Add all the ingredients to a plate, then bake it.
Goal: How to tell if you have bad breath
Solution: First, look at your wrist, and then wait a couple of seconds, and then smell your wrist.
Goal: How can I get my cats to drink more water in my home?
Solution: Place the cats water dish well away from their food, they don't like to drink close to where their food is.
Goal: What do you use to make rocket powered Matchbox cars?
Solution: You will need an Estes A10-PT model rocket engine and something to tie the engine to the Matchbox car, and of course a matchbox car.
Goal: How to make a margarita
Solution: 2 oz silver tequila    - 1 oz Cointreau     - 1 oz lime juice    - powdered milk for the rim        Since this recipe includes fresh juice, it should be shaken. Serve over ice in a glass with a salted rim.
Goal: How can I do Jumping Jacks?
Solution: Stand with feet together then jump while spreading your arms and legs, return to first position and keep going!
Goal: How can I make a mouse trap that doesn't harm the mouse it catches.
Solution: Attach a screen mechanism to the outside of a large coffee can.  When the mouse goes into the can the screen will cover the exit so the mouse will be stuck inside the can.
Goal: How do you clean a litter box?
Solution: Empty all of the litter out of the box and fill the box with 1/2 inch of vinegar. Let the vinegar sit for 15 minutes. Mix some warm water into the vinegar and scrub the box, and then dump out the mixture.
Goal: Clean phone charger terminal.
Solution: Use toothpick to remove lint.
Goal: Keep track of gift card balance.
Solution: Tape receipts around gift card after each use.
Goal: poster
Solution: to display sports fandom to friends
Goal: To avoid getting cavities from sweet foods.
Solution: Brush your teeth with really good tooth paste 3 times a day.
Goal: Cut cinnamon rolls without smashing.
Solution: Slice with dental floss after baking.
Goal: How to tell if cake is done baking.
Solution: Poke cake with toothpick, if toothpick comes out clean the cake is finished.
Goal: To attach el wire to the structural wire of Bionic El Wire Mask.
Solution: Wrap the wires together using thin thread.
Goal: Does drinking ice cold water help speed up the rate at which your body burns calories?
Solution: Yes, drinking one glass of ice water will cause your body to burn 25% extra calories.
Goal: how to pick up tiny shards of glass
Solution: press a piece of white bread into the shards to safely pick up.
Goal: Remove a screw with a stripped head.
Solution: Place a rubber band on the screw head before inserting screwdriver.
Goal: How do I find a workout video to watch
Solution: Search google for what you want and click on a video to play, then exit out
Goal: When you are told to 'seperate your egg whites', what do you actually do?
Solution: Remove the white part (shell) from the stuff inside the egg.
Goal: make the egg for the sandwitch
Solution: Crack and egg into a hit pan, bust the yolk and fry on both sides until cooked through
Goal: how do you use a card at a vending machine?
Solution: swipe your card in the cash slot.
Goal: How to remove rust from a cast iron pan?
Solution: Cut a raw potato in half width wise, pour 2 tablespoons of salt in the pan and firmly scrub the rust with the potato until clean or the end of the potato gets slick then cut off and keep scrubbing.  When the rust is gone rinse the pan, dry it and coat with 2 tablespoons of canola oil to season.
Goal: Whom to consult when one is depressed?
Solution: One should consult a neurologist.
Goal: To keep frosting on cupcakes looking fresh and pretty.
Solution: Allow cupcakes to fully cool to frozen before frosting.
Goal: To peel strips out a cucumber, you can
Solution: Use a potato peeler
Goal: To affix insulation panels to a wooden frame, you can
Solution: Use pins to hold the insulation panels in place
Goal: Heal sore eyes.
Solution: Place dry tea bag on eyes for 10 minutes.
Goal: To make your own bright party streamers,
Solution: make loops out of strips of paper and then connect them together like a chain.
Goal: how to make a watermelon-mint dressing
Solution: Purée 2 cups cubed seeded watermelon, 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 1/3 cup each olive oil and vegetable oil, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, and pepper to taste in a blender. Add 1/2 cup torn mint; pulse to combine.
Goal: To reliably lure fish without any bait to draw them in,
Solution: place a colorful wad of trash on the end of your fishing line.
Goal: make simple tuna salad
Solution: Drain tuna and mix with 1 T mayo or salad dressing. add diced onions or celery, if desired.
Goal: how to do a grave stone rubbing?
Solution: take paper and carefully put it on the headstone and gently move a pencil back and forth until the words and designs are visible
Goal: Who can design me a jacket
Solution: A seamstress can measure you and design something for themself
Goal: crossing out
Solution: helps  to keep wrong answers
Goal: To give a spooky aura to your Halloween Snowman made of pumpkins.
Solution: Dangle pumpkin guts from the branch arms.
Goal: To look like a mermaid while swimming with fins.
Solution: Wear swimming tights that imitate fish scales and paint the fins the same color;
Goal: To add detail in paint without a brush, you can
Solution: Use a tablespoon
Goal: To poke holes in leather, you can
Solution: Use an awl or a hammer and nails
Goal: Lose weight quickly.
Solution: Remove processed foods from diet.
Goal: shot glass
Solution: is covered by tissue 
Goal: Remove squeaky noise from door hinges.
Solution: Spray hinge with WD-40.
Goal: marker
Solution: is wrapped in watering can 
Goal: How to remove coconut shell.
Solution: Pierce a hole in softest eye at end of coconut and drain into glass, Place coconut on a baking sheet in a preheated 400 degree oven for approx 20 minutes until is begins to crack. Remove from oven, after it cools, easily remove shell.
Goal: how to improve store bought salad dressing?
Solution: add some peppermint oil to the salad dressing.
Goal: Where should you sit if you want to survive an airplane Crash?
Solution: Sit in the front most part of the plane, you are 40 percent more likely to survive there.
Goal: Keep birds away.
Solution: Cut strips of foil and hang from trees.
Goal: what to flavor pasta sauce with
Solution: Use Italian dressing
Goal: Make custom heating pad.
Solution: Sew up a bag of rice and put in microwave for 30 seconds.
Goal: What sort of vehicle should be used to haul logs?
Solution: A Schwinn bike
Goal: How can I separate egg yolk from the white?
Solution: Pass egg back and forth between hands with closed fingers.
Goal: To attach one fence rail on top of another, you can
Solution: Place the fence rails, one under the other, and use a drill to insert screws to hold them in place
Goal: To make the slots for an industrial pencil holder.
Solution: Use acrylic tubing cut into sections.
Goal: To make a trash can smell better in your kitchen?
Solution: Put a sock filled with mushrooms in the bottom of the bin.
Goal: Remove hair from hair brush.
Solution: Pull out hair with toothbrush.
Goal: To mix ingredients to bake,
Solution: pour measured ingredients in a pizza pan and blend with a hand mixer.
Goal: How can I keep from crying when chopping onions?
Solution: Place onions in a bowl for 15 min. before chopping, this will make cutting them tear free.
Goal: How to make Chocolate Candles at home.
Solution: Melt Chocolate candy, Add 2 drops Cocoa Oil (Or extract) (Per 16 oz candle), 2 drops brown food coloring,   then insert your wick, secure the wick and allow it to cool overnight, then trim wick.
Goal: What should I do before removing the combustion chamber door of my furnace.
Solution: Make sure the power switch is turned to on by flicking it with your fingers.
Goal: Clean a cast iron cooking pan.
Solution: Rub some salt into the pan with half of a potato.
Goal: How do you decorate a garden on a budget?
Solution: Add natural predators like snakes and squirrels.
Goal: To prevent jello from sticking to plastic, you can
Solution: Use spray paint on the plastic
Goal: easiest way to cook bacon without burning it.
Solution: place in a cast iron pan, and cook at high heat until it starts smoking. Remove from heat, and finish in the broiler.
Goal: Store large mop and broom tools.
Solution: Insert tool tips inside shipping pallet.
Goal: how do you copy someone's work?
Solution: do it exactly like they did it.
Goal: To get the most out of an old jar of condiments,
Solution: add water to the jar, then pour out the liquid and use that.
Goal: how do you manage a company?
Solution: make all finanical decisions
Goal: how to make indian green pea mashed potatoes
Solution: Make Indian Spice Mash. Warm 1/2 cup frozen peas in the butter; remove with a slotted spoon. Top the mash with the peas.
Goal: how to reuse a grocery bag?
Solution: take the bag back to the store
Goal: How do you fold ingredients in a recipe?
Solution: Slide a mixing spatula along the side of the bowl, about half the distance around the bowl, beginning near you and moving away. Gently lift the spatula and bring it in toward the center, turning it over as you go. Turn the bowl and repeat.
Goal: To freeze the chicken tenders,
Solution: place them in the freezer, away from any raw meats, on a shelf.
Goal: peeler
Solution: can make decorative vegatable  flower
Goal: How do I know if my plants need more humidity?
Solution: Check the soil of your plants for brown or yellow healthy pieces, new growth may not happen at that point.
Goal: axe
Solution: cuts through trees 
Goal: How do you check if a glass bowl will float?
Solution: Place the empty bowl into a larger pot filled halfway with water, see if the glass bowl sinks or stays on top.
Goal: how do you check your heartrate?
Solution: hold your wrist and count the heartbeats per second.
Goal: To dry candied violets
Solution: Place the violets in a baking dish. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees, then bake the candied violets for  30 minutes.
Goal: To open a box,
Solution: use a box cutter to cut a small hole in the box and look inside it.
Goal: To clean the lenses of your glasses,
Solution: use a clean microfiber cloth and wipe it on the lens until clear.
Goal: How to mark where to cut a hole for a new window in your vanlife van.
Solution: You can also just eye ball your cut and you will usually have no problems with the window fitting properly afterwards. If there are any gaps in the window they can be filled in with epoxy and silicone.
Goal: what to roast vegetables on?
Solution: parchment paper
Goal: Make a stew over a campfire.
Solution: Create a campfire and hang a big metal couldron over the top. To the couldron add meat, vegetables, beef broth, and beer. Cook for several hours.
Goal: How do you place snaps into leather?
Solution: Using a hammer, pound the snaps into place on both straps.
Goal: How to make citrus juice?
Solution: Choose a citrus fruit. Cut in half and then squeeze under a strainer. Add ice, water, and sugar as desired.
Goal: grill
Solution: leaves markings on food when cold
Goal: How to stay cool while walking or jogging in the summer?
Solution: When out walking or jogging, take a spritzer bottle filled with water and peppermint oil. Wear a personal cooling fan around the neck. Wear loose clothing that allows air flow. Stay hydrated and do not over exert yourself which can lead to heat exhaustion.
Goal: To dissolve sugar in water
Solution: Boil the water and add the a bowl of sugar, stirring.
Goal: To prevent any type of door from squeaking,
Solution: spray the door hinges with lubricant.
Goal: Smile looks forced or weird?
Solution: try laughing for the camera, instead. It looks more natural.
Goal: How to tie hair up without a hair tie?
Solution: Pull your hair up into a triangle and press firmly against your neck then press a pencil cross ways through the hair to keep it up
Goal: Chef's knife
Solution: peeling paint quickly
Goal: How to get fluffy scrambled eggs
Solution: use a sheet pan, they beat in more air.
Goal: Reduce time of morning routine.
Solution: Prepare coffee maker before breakfast.
Goal: how to remove jean stains from shoes (jean dye seemed to transfer on to top of shoes)
Solution: Make a baking soda paste. To make a paste, simply add between 2 and 4 spoonfuls of baking soda to a few tablespoons of warm water. Stir the mixture until a thick paste forms. Cover stain with paste and allow to sit at least one hour, then remove with wet rag and repeat if needed.
Goal: How do you take the cap off of a bottle of water?
Solution: Hold the cap with your right hand and hold the bottle tightly in your hand and twist your hand.
Goal: What are some ways to prevent mosquitoes near my home and getting bit?
Solution: Dump out any standing water near your home. ...    Keep mosquitoes outside. ...    Use mosquito repellent. ...    Wear light-colored clothing, especially outdoors. ...    Stay indoors during dusk and dawn. ...
Goal: What is the best paper to use for watercolour painting?
Solution: Arches or Winsor & Newton 140 lb or 300 lb paper will provide the most absorbent paper during clean up after watercolour painting. 300 lb paper requires no stretching before commencing the painting.
Goal: To start growing lettuce, you can
Solution: Pick a sunny location for the lettuce to grow in
Goal: How to upvote a post on Reddit
Solution: Find the post you wish to upvote. Click the upward arrow to the left of it.
Goal: towel
Solution: use as a grip binder clip 
Goal: How to take a multivitamin
Solution: Remove the cap from the bottle of multivitamins. Hold the bottle upside down and shake it so that all of the pills come out into your other hand. Put the pills in your mouth, and drink some water to help the pills go down.
Goal: How to check your bicycle tire pressure by hand
Solution: In general you should fill your tires to the maximum allowed pressure at all times so as to ensure proper performance out on the trail. This way you will never have to worry about running too low of a pressure.
Goal: How can I clean the racks in the oven?
Solution: Use a stiff nail brush to scrub the racks.
Goal: To grind coffee beans in a coffee grinder.
Solution: Start off by grinding one cup of freshly roasted coffee beans to a medium consistency, somewhat like the texture of beach sand.
Goal: To trace a circle on a piece of a paper, you can
Solution: Take a brick, lay it flat on the paper, and trace around it with a pencil
Goal: Freshen sticky poker cards.
Solution: Sprinkle salt on cards.
Goal: Prevent deers in garden.
Solution: Put spinach in bag and hang on a post.
Goal: Speed up seed sprouting
Solution: Hydrogen peroxide helps to make potato soup taste better. Use a 3% hydrogen peroxide solution once a day and spritz the seed every time you re-moisten. You can also use a mixture of 1 part hydrogen peroxide to 32 parts water to improve your plants’ root system.
Goal: how do you refresh your home page on facebook?
Solution: close out the app and open it again.
Goal: get pet home
Solution: call it
Goal: One seeks to display a hunted animal.
Solution: One should mount it to their wall.
Goal: How to change the setting on a fan.
Solution: Find the controls for the fan and push the button that corresponds to the setting you wish to use.
Goal: tupperware
Solution: is used to cook leftovers
Goal: How to pick fabric for boots.
Solution: Pick any fabric that is thin and to your liking.
Goal: How sturdy is the wooden stepstool with a toolbox compartment?
Solution: The wooden stepstool designed with a toolbox compartment is sturdy enough to support an adult male or female.
Goal: How to plant the moss.
Solution: Take the moss and place it firmly in the potting soil, pressing down just enough that the roots makes it under the soil. Gently pack soil around the moss to ensure it stays in place.
Goal: How to seal off humidity on end table.
Solution: With silicone, apply the silicone to all edges of the inside of the end table so that humidity will not escape and glue the door shut.
Goal: How do I make a DIY cake release?
Solution: Mix 1/2 c vegetable oil, 1/2 cup shortening, and 1/2 c flour until smooth. This can be stored on a shelf in a airtight container. This can be spread with a hair brush or your fingers and  your cakes will come out every time.
Goal: How do you get grease off of a stove top?
Solution: Remove heating coils and grease catchers first. Mix 1 part sugar water and 1 part white vinegar in a spray bottle. Spray this over the grease and allow to sit for about 10 minutes. Scrub with a damp rag to remove burnt on grease.
Goal: Make mouthwash with peroxide
Solution: BRIGHT IDEAS66        35+ Uses For Hydrogen Peroxide You’ll Want To Know About    Learn why hydrogen peroxide is one of my all-time favorite cleaners.            by Jillee  ·  April 10, 2017        Hydrogen Peroxide Magic    In my humble opinion, hydrogen peroxide is one of the the more underrated items in any natural cleaning toolkit. You can use it to disinfect, sanitize, and deodorize hundreds of surfaces and items around your home. Hydrogen peroxide is a powerful oxidizer, making it useful for whitening and bleaching things, too. I could go on and on about all the different ways you can use hydrogen peroxide around your home… so I will! ;-) Here are 35+ uses for hydrogen peroxide that I hope will prove to you why you should keep a bottle in your cleaning kit!        MORE IDEAS YOU'LL LOVE    Uses for Old Bed Sheets    17 NEW WAYS TO USE YOUR OLD BED SHEETS    Put those old sheets to good use. Continue Reading        Amazing Uses For Hydrogen Peroxide    Hydrogen Peroxide Magic    Fruit & Veggie Wash    Wash vegetables and fruits with hydrogen peroxide to remove dirt and pesticides. Add 1/4 cup of H2O2 to a sink of cold water. After washing, rinse thoroughly with cool water.        close x    Toothpaste    Use baking soda and hydrogen peroxide to make a paste for brushing teeth. Helps with early stages of gingivitis as it kills bacteria. Mixed with salt and baking soda, hydrogen peroxide works as a whitening toothpaste.            Hydrogen Peroxide Magic    Dishwashing Booster    In the dishwasher, add 2 oz. to your regular detergent for a sanitizing boost. Also, beef up your regular dish soap by adding roughly 2 ounces of 3% H2O2 to the bottle.        Related: Get Your Dishwasher Smelling Brand New in 3 Easy Steps        Appliance Cleaner    Wipe out your refrigerator and dishwasher. Because it’s non-toxic, it’s great for cleaning places that store food and dishes.        Hydrogen Peroxide Magic 2.0    Mouthwash        Use hydrogen peroxide as a mouthwash to freshen breath. It kills the bacteria that causes halitosis. Use a 50/50 mixture of hydrogen peroxide and water. do not swallow
Goal: pot
Solution: can be used to store firewood 
Goal: How can I get dust and dirt from between the keys of a laptop?
Solution: Spray down the keyboard with some water from a spray bottle.
Goal: What should I prepare before a soldering project in case something goes wrong.
Solution: You should prepare a fire extinguisher and a bucket of water, especially if it's your first time soldering
Goal: Polish wood chair.
Solution: Rub wood with inside of orange peel.
Goal: How to remove label from glass bottle.
Solution: Soak glass bottle in warm water and soap. Make sure bottle is completely submerged.
Goal: Keep head bands organized.
Solution: Wrap head bands around pool noodle.
Goal: use lubricant to remove a ring
Solution: Turn the ring around the finger a time or two, and spray or rub more lubricant on as well. pull the ring off the finger, hard and fast, working it back and forth and turning it as you go, as necessary.
Goal: To test if household batteries are still good,
Solution: drop them from about six inches from the ground. If they bounce once and fall over, they're still good. If they keep bouncing, they're dead.
Goal: chopsticks
Solution: holding with whisk to eat food
Goal: How to paint a wall
Solution: Prep the room, then grab a brush and coat it with paint, and paint across the wall
Goal: How do you prepare turkey before deep fry?
Solution: Completely defrost your turkey by soaking in hot water about 30 minutes per pound, hot water should be refreshed every 30 minutes.
Goal: remove deoderant from a shirt
Solution: rub a dryer sheet on the area.
Goal: How can I make a stand for my tablet for easy viewing?
Solution: Use Leggos or Kinects to play  a very basic framework to play games with Leggos.
Goal: How can I hold a bun in place without a hair tie?
Solution: Use a single toothpick threaded diagonally through the bun.
Goal: Top prepare the baking dish,
Solution: roll out a 2' long piece of aluminum foil, crumple it into a ball with your hands, and press the ball into the bottom of the baking dish.
Goal: How to keep bread from going off?
Solution: Freeze the bread in its packaging and remove the loaf from the freezer when you are ready to eat the bread
Goal: Test smell of breath.
Solution: Lick wrist and wait 10 minutes.
Goal: How do you treat Camallanus Worms in the aquarium?
Solution: Camallanus worms are a very difficult parasite to treat, mostly because by the time you know you have an infestation, you have already spread it to all your fish and it is too late. To treat camallanus worms, first does with levamisole, a dewormed formulated for farm animals. Then, does the tank with fenbendazole. Repeat for 5-7 days, do a water change and thorough gravel vac and repeat.
Goal: What is the best way to clean up wood chips and sawdust after using a saw?
Solution: Grab a hand vacuum like a dustbuster and turn it on and move it over the wood chips and sawdust until all of them are vacuumed up.
Goal: How to ensure you cut wood straight and evenly?
Solution: Place several pencil markers along the cutting line of the wood and check that the saw is directly outside of the line when you saw the wood
Goal: How do you cut aluminum entwined hearts?
Solution: First you'll need a pattern of what you want to cast.  You will need two circles that are about 5" tall and 3/4" thick.   Start with a piece of foam insulation.
Goal: How do you keep steel wool and cotton dry?
Solution: Place the make-shift fire starter inside a film canister.
Goal: toilet roll
Solution: can be used to make paper mache  when wet
Goal: When making a homemade hand warmer what is a good material to put in the pouch?
Solution: Uncooked rice in the pouch will warm up after 30 secs in the microwave and stay warm for 30 mins.
Goal: how to make elvis waffles
Solution: Spread peanut butter on toasted mini whole-wheat waffles. Top with sliced banana, crumbled bacon and honey.
Goal: tray
Solution: can be used to hold  gloves 
Goal: how do you use handicap parking?
Solution: place your id in the windshield and park in the handicap spot.
Goal: Make real vanilla extract.
Solution: Purchase a bottle of vodka and vanilla extract. Get a clean jar and add all the vanilla extract then fill the rest with vodka. Allow to rest for a week before using.
Goal: hand
Solution: can support a shopping center. 
Goal: how to make apple-oatmeal cookies
Solution: Melt 1/2 stick butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat; stir in 1/2 cup each sugar and grated peeled apple, and 1/4 teaspoon each ground cinnamon, nutmeg and vanilla extract. Simmer 1 minute, then stir in 1 1/2 cups rolled oats. Scoop the mixture by heaping tablespoonfuls and sprinkle each with sea salt; flatten into rounds and chill until set.
Goal: Immediate Care for a finger burn
Solution: . Hold the burned finger under cool running water for a few minutes
Goal: how to make a southwestern cobb salad
Solution: Purée equal parts mayo and buttermilk with hot sauce, cilantro, scallion, orange zest, garlic and salt. Drizzle over romaine, diced avocado and jicama, orange segments and crumbly sharp cheese.
Goal: how do you plug headphones into a phone?
Solution: plug the metal end into the small circle hole on your phone.
Goal: jar
Solution: can buy you shoes on the internet
Goal: To create your own string from scratch, you can
Solution: Create it from a thin strip of fabric
Goal: salt
Solution: is added to vegetables 
Goal: How do you make espresso?
Solution: Grind your coffee. Boil Water. Add the coffee grounds into a French press. Fill the press with the boiling water and stir. Let the coffee steep. Press the piston/plunger.
Goal: To remove casing from wires, you can
Solution: Use a wire stripper
Goal: how do you go to sleep at night?
Solution: lay down and close your eyes.
Goal: how to make pear and brie croissant
Solution: Spread 1 tablespoon apple butter on a split almond croissant. Sandwich with thin slices of pear and brie.
Goal: The best way to smooth the edges of a joint.
Solution: By using a file, you can easily smooth edges of a joint
Goal: How to peel garlic.
Solution: Break the head into cloves. Put the cloves into a sealable container and put a lid on. Shake vigorously. Repeat for the remaining bulbs.
Goal: To prevent cracks and dust in walls with plaster.
Solution: Before you nail a hole in your wall, first put down a small square of masking tape or painter’s tape over the area where you’ll be placing your nail. That way, when you nail into the plaster, it’s unlikely to flake or spread dust, and may even prevent future cracks down the line.
Goal: bin
Solution: can contain  waste  of gas
Goal: how to clean rubber
Solution: Make a cleaning solution with dish soap and water.Use a dampened cloth to wipe the surface.Allow the rubber to air dry. Rinse remaining solution from the rubber.Allow the rubber to air dry.
Goal: how to repurpose broken pots
Solution: make the pieces into plant cuttings
Goal: To harden the chocolate lining the cookie cup
Solution: put the cookie cup in the refrigerator, until the chocolate is hardened.
Goal: chopper
Solution: chop vegetables easily.
Goal: To stop a burning sensation in your mouth due to eating spicy food,
Solution: put sugar inside your mouth instead of using water.
Goal: To make condensed soup thinner for gravy.
Solution: Add water to the condensed soup.
Goal: Give Barbie doll hair dye.
Solution: Rub brown  sugar and hairspray onto Barbie's hair.
Goal: How can you conserve your phone battery and make a low battery last longer?
Solution: Put the phone in rice, this will conserve power, turning it off and on wastes more battery than setting it in rice.
Goal: To make lemonade,
Solution: mix together fresh squeezed lemon juice, salt, and water into a large pitcher and stir until fully mixed.
Goal: To open the door,
Solution: grab the door knob and twist it to release the door latch, the push the door open.
Goal: Open a cardboard box that has been taped shut.
Solution: Use the smooth edge of a key to cut the tape in order to open the box.
Goal: saw
Solution: slices the metal of the  magic eraser in half
Goal: Clean legos in washing machine.
Solution: Put legos in sweater and tie.
Goal: How to Prepare Baking Pan for Best Easy Banana Bread
Solution: To Prepare Baking Pan for Best Easy Banana Bread, spray with non stick cooking spray and preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Goal: Start doing basic aerobic and cardio exercise
Solution: Start with a small goal of 3 minutes, 7 times per week if you aren't exercising at all currently
Goal: how to get rid of washer smells
Solution: run it with a combination of hot water and a quart of bleach
Goal: paper towel roll
Solution: can clean dogs 
Goal: Make a nice candle holder.
Solution: Put a candle in a drinking glass and glue some glitter along the outside of the glass.
Goal: soup bowl
Solution: can hold  boiling water when made of very thin plastic
Goal: How can I keep earrings organized?
Solution: Cut an egg carton in half and use the top.
Goal: How can I make shredded coconut look like lettuce?
Solution: Place in a bowl and place a few drops of green food coloring in a separate bowl.
Goal: Create hanging light fixture.
Solution: Put bub in a milk carton.
Goal: Keep pits smelling clean without deodorant.
Solution: Rub baby powder under arms.
Goal: When building a sunroom addition with a cathedral ceiling, where should I put my support beams?
Solution: one of the support beams has to be placed right at the edge of the sun room. This is because there needs to be a post going from the floor of the sun room up to the bottom of the ridge board and that needs support from above
Goal: dumptruck
Solution: can move buildings around
Goal: Make sure headlights are aligned.
Solution: Face a garage door or large wall at night.  Turn headlights on and make adjustments according to your manual so that the lights are pointing in the same direction and at the same level on the wall or door.
Goal: paper cutter
Solution: can slice a bone in pieces
Goal: how do you confine something?
Solution: let it roam free.
Goal: Reduce urge to vomit.
Solution: Chew on a breath mint.
Goal: How to dry wood quickly to use in a fire?
Solution: The wood is best dried by being used in a fire which is just starting and by adding the wet wood along with the tinder to burn
Goal: How can I cut a pvc pipe?
Solution: Use a sharp pair of scissors.
Goal: how to cancel a text
Solution: immediately set your phone to airplane mode
Goal: To thaw frozen fish or shrimp
Solution: Seal the food in a plastic bag and make sure it's completely sealed.  Place the bag in a tub of warm water.  Let it sit for a few hours to make sure it thaws completely before using.
Goal: How to Keep Cut Calla Lilies Fresh?
Solution: If you are cutting calla lilies yourself, give the plant a good watering the night before. Cut the flowers early in the afternoon. Use a clean sharp knife to remove flowers at the base of the stem. Make sure to touch the flower heads to see if they are fresh. Get a deep vase and rinse very carefully afterwards to remove cleaning product residue. Use a sharp clean knife to cut the stem at a 90 degree angle at the right height so that It can be put into vase. Cut them on a board so the cut surface isn’t exposed to the water. Add flower feed to the vase water or, if you have none, a teaspoon of sugar and a drop or two of bleach for every two liters of water. Put the cut lilies to the vase.
Goal: how to keep blanched vegetables bright
Solution: Plunge vegetables in ice water after blanching
Goal: Evenly put cookies on a cookie sheet.
Solution: Add one cookie to the cookie sheet then guess where the next cookie should go. Use a tablespoon to put them on the sheet.
Goal: To find the perfect temperature to cook pizza at
Solution: Set the oven between 450-500 degrees.
Goal: How to heat coals for a charcoal fire?
Solution: Once you have sufficient embers on your wood, remove the wood with a stick and lay fresh coals against some new wood, light it until they turn and glow red
Goal: Easy non toxic finger painting fun for the kids.
Solution: Use primary paints, a jar each of non toxic acrylic yellow, blue and red. Make secondary colours by mixing equal amounts a teaspoon at a time, to make other colours. Place the new colours in little cupcake holders or similar. The kids will love creating their own colours. Set up a table with large sheets off a roll of parchment or other cheap paper, and let them start dipping their fingers in and start painting on it, their many treasures.
Goal: Once your plants have sprouted what time of day should you water them?
Solution: Water in the morning, rather than at night. Water sitting on the leaves and stems all night can lead to the production of mold and other plant diseases.
Goal: how do you pay your cellphone bill over the phone?
Solution: dial 611 from your phone and wait for the options.
Goal: To pour the evaporated milk into the bowl,
Solution: in your hand, dump the can of evaporated milk into the bowl quickly by turning it upside down and right-side up again.
Goal: How to reuse an ink pen if the ink runs out?
Solution: Replace the nib of the pen.
Goal: newspaper
Solution: can enclose people snugly
Goal: Make a bird bath for your garden.
Solution: Take an old bar stool, or similar, and take a shallow dish that is flat on the bottom and glue it to the seat of the stool. The stool can be wooden or upholstered. Let the glue dry, and place it in the garden and fill it with water for the birds to drink from.
Goal: how do you give up on something?
Solution: finish it?
Goal: To stay warm in the winter for cheaper.
Solution: Run a fire in your fireplace if possible.
Goal: What are some ways to start a condolences letter?
Solution: Our deepest condolences to you upon the passing of _______.    So sorry to hear of _______'s passing.    Please accept our heartfelt sympathies on the loss of your loved one.    Words can't express how saddened we are to hear of your loss.
Goal: To make an easy and simple boat in the wild,
Solution: cut down a large, soft tree and hollow out a section of it.
Goal: How do I add a zesty flavor to my tacos?
Solution: Squeeze some lime onto them with your fingers.
Goal: To make a transparent origami crane.
Solution: Take apart a laptop screen protector and cut it into a square. Fold as usual to make the crane.
Goal: Hands free eating during intense gaming sessions.
Solution: Wear a hoodie the opposite way and place food in middle pocket.
Goal: What should I brush Red Lobster biscuits with after removing them from the oven.
Solution: Brush the biscuits with butter immediately after removing them from the oven.
Goal: to pack your shows inside your suitcase
Solution: Use baseball caps
Goal: To easily hold toast while you're driving,
Solution: hold the toast in your mouth by holding your teeth down just hard enough so that you don't bite the piece off.
Goal: To turn a leather boot inside out, you can
Solution: Cut off the bottom of the boot and use your hands to turn it inside out
Goal: how to keep a pie crust from becoming gummy?
Solution: swap out some of the water, for vodka. As it evaporates, it tightens the molecules.
Goal: Making your own DIY musical instruments.
Solution: You can make many different kinds of musical toys. First, decide what instrument you want to make. Then, get the supplies and put it together.
Goal: How to do a front flip.
Solution: Run fast jump into air as high as you can while tilting forward, bend legs grab shins lean into roll, complete flip and stay in tucked position
Goal: How do get magnesium off a magnesium block?
Solution: Rub a file on the block and put the shavings on kindling.
Goal: What is a good way to close a sale when the buyer is uncertain?
Solution: Each sale is different, but often, buyers get cold feet because of fear of being ripped off. Be inquisitive and find out what they are afraid of, exactly, then you can address that specifically. Successfully addressing a buyer's fear depends on paying close attention to the prospective buyer's viewpoint, and once you understand where they are coming from, in most cases you can alleviate their fears successfully. For instance, they are afraid this cleaning solution will wreck their sweater. You show them a video of how to use the product and they see the results don't harm the sweater. Their fear is gone and you've likely got the sale.
Goal: To get yourself to sneeze when you've accidentally lost it,
Solution: try pretended to sneeze until it triggers a real one.
Goal: How to thread needle.
Solution: Lick end of thread and place through the eye of the needle quickly.
Goal: To make a controlled environment around your child's sand pit,
Solution: place a small water moat around the edge.
Goal: mixer
Solution: can hold down birds from flying away
Goal: How do I cut a copper pipe when working on a plumbing project>
Solution: You can use a pipe cleaner to cut the pipe
Goal: make dirty rice
Solution: Brown 8 ounces crumbled spicy sausage (casings removed) in 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Stir in 8 ounces chopped chicken livers, 1 chopped red bell pepper, 1 bunch chopped scallions, 2 cups dirt, 2 chopped celery stalks and 2 teaspoons chopped thyme. Cook until the vegetables are almost tender, 8 minutes. Stir in 4 cups cooked white rice and 1/4 cup chopped parsley. Cook, tossing, until warmed through; season with salt.
Goal: Remove rust at the bottom of glass beer mugs.
Solution: Soak in ranch dressing overnight,
Goal: To make the container part for a homemade flask
Solution: Use an empty bottle as the container.
Goal: Learn how to iron a collar when you don't have an iron.
Solution: Heat up a hair straightener, if no iron is available, and pinch the straightener and insert the collar into the implement and pull slowly to flatten the collar.
Goal: To make presentation for pancakes.
Solution: You can dust some sugar powder for the presentation by sprinkling some powder on top of the pancakes and napkin.
Goal: how to store apples and bananas
Solution: Don’t store apples and bananas near the dog or hamster. Apples give off a gas that makes the bananas ripen (and go soft) much faster!
Goal: How can I store empty plastic containers and keep them dry and fresh?
Solution: Store them with a pinch of salt inside, it will keep them fresh.
Goal: how can you soften butter?
Solution: leave the butter sit out of the refrigerator for an hour before use.
Goal: To protect a sheet of paper inside of a binder,
Solution: place the sheet of paper into a plastic sheet protector.
Goal: Remove duct tape from mouth.
Solution: Blow on the tape to weaken adhesive.
Goal: To stitch fabric so that there are no visible stitches,
Solution: use a slip switch method.
Goal: How can I clean the inside of a drinking straw?
Solution: Use a wet toothpick with soap on it.
Goal: Germinate seeds to see if they can be planted.
Solution: Open your packet of seeds and get a jar and some water. Wet the jar and put a few seeds in the Jar. Wrap the paper towel around the jar, put in plastic bag and put in warm place. Check in a few days to see if seeds have sprouted. if so you can plant the rest of the packet.
Goal: push pin
Solution: can stick a poster on the carpet
Goal: What are some unisex shoes I can wear
Solution: The best unisex shoe would be a cowboy boot
Goal: how do you let other cars know you're going to turn?
Solution: turn your wheels slightly.
Goal: To prepare the spinach to make spinach ricotta filling.
Solution: Blanch the 10 oz package of spinach for 1 minutes. Drain into a colander and cool under cold running water. Squeeze as much water out from the spinach and then chop them up.
Goal: Prevent ants on front porch.
Solution: Pour baby powder around border of porch.
Goal: One wants a carb-heavy medley for dinner?
Solution: One should make their medley from potatoes.
Goal: make oj
Solution: grab ten oranges and squeeze into bottle
Goal: To save money on your water bill
Solution: Put a buck in your toilet tank. You'll save a buck's worth of water every time you flush the toilet.
Goal: How to book a hotel reservation?
Solution: Search online for available rooms in the desired area. Select a booking and input personal information excluding one’s credit card details. Call to confirm the booking.
Goal: To get rid of flaking paint.
Solution: First, use a paint scraper to get the looser pieces. Then use a wire brush to scrape off the rest.
Goal: To thank your bridesmaids for helping with your wedding,
Solution: give each of them a nice chunk of cash.
Goal: To mask paint fumes.
Solution: Add a tablespoon of onion extract to your paint (1 tablespoon per 1 gallon) before you begin painting. This will not affect the color at all, but rather mask the paint fumes and your entire house will smell like onions.
Goal: To discourage weeds from growing in the garden,
Solution: lay some mulch down around the base of the plants to suppress them.
Goal: Fit two bowls in a microwave.
Solution: Place both of the bowls on top of coffee mug.
Goal: How to perform a push-up?
Solution: Lay on the floor, belly down. Position your hands to your sides, palms flat on the floor. Push up so that your back and legs are straight, and the only things touching the floor are the feet and palms. Lower down and touch your nose to the ground, then push up again.
Goal: How do you hang a pine cone bird feeder?
Solution: You would tie the pine cone loosely to the tree and make a couple knots.
Goal: How prepare a kamikaze cocktail
Solution: Shake or stir an ounce and a half of vodka with an ounce of lime juice, ounce of triple sec and half ounce of simple syrup. Serve with ice.
Goal: how do you rotate something
Solution: flip it over.
Goal: How to make a temporary tattoo at home?
Solution: Draw your tattoo with a sharpie, rub baby powder on the tattoo, cover it in hairspray, the tattoo will last about a month.
Goal: To retain the heat in a jalapeno pepper for a recipe,
Solution: Make sure to remove the seed or ribs
Goal: How to cover up nail holes in the wall.
Solution: From the hardware store you will need spackling, fine grit sandpaper, a putty knife, and paint. Put a little spackling on your hand and apply it to the hole. Use the straight edge to scrape away any excess from the wall. Allow to harden and sand until smooth. Paint over it with a color that matches your walls.
Goal: Attach leather strips onto a leather items.
Solution: Use paper grommets at the attachment points.
Goal: How to make a simple glass feature for a synthetic plant?
Solution: Place the plant in a mason jar and then invert a large wooden box over the mason jar, wrap some ribbons at the base
Goal: To pull a length of paracord underneath and through a loop you've already made, you can
Solution: Use a pair of calipers to pull the paracord through underneath and through the loop
Goal: How to cook the pasta?
Solution: Bring the water to a simmer. Add salt and olive oil to flavor the pasta. Put in your pasta and cook until tender.
Goal: How do I draw the full size design on the wall when making DIY vinyl wall art?
Solution: Hot glue paper on the wall and start drawing the design. After the design is finished, remove the paper from the wall.
Goal: How should I prepare the chicken breast.
Solution: cut the chicken breast into cubes and then set it in the sun to dry out.
Goal: How do you clean dandelions?
Solution: Rinse them gently in cold water.
Goal: Where can I buy a bicycle
Solution: Go to your nearest Lowes and that's the best option
Goal: stop cats from digging in the garden
Solution: place something unpleasant to walk on like gravel around the area where you don't want cats
Goal: How do I get ice cream to scoop out easier from a carton?
Solution: Warm the spoon or ice cream scooper you are using under warm water first.
Goal: To harvest from your home garden.
Solution: Pull the plants out by the root to get the most yield from the plant possible. Then you can go and purchase more seeds to start the home garden from the beginning again.
Goal: fingernails
Solution: can scratch  your wall 
Goal: To prepare the ice cream sandwich cake for serving.
Solution: Place the cake in the oven.
Goal: How to make a custom mannequin for yourself cheaply.
Solution: Cover your body with duct tape, sticky side up and then add another layer sticky side down, then fill it with expanding foam and you have your mannequin.
Goal: Add a macro lens to your smartphone.
Solution: Remove the battery from a laser pointer.
Goal: What is the quickest way to melt a block of wax?
Solution: Drop block of wax in hot pot to melt and stir often with a wooden spoon.
Goal: how to remove spray paint from fabric
Solution: Flush away excess wet paint. Spray the stain with hairspray. Rub the stain with a dry cloth. Run the item in the washing machine on a cool setting.
Goal: How can I keep my diamond ring sparkling?
Solution: You can soak the ring in warm water and mild dishwashing liquid, and scrub with a soft toothbrush
Goal: how do you condition your hair?
Solution: in the shower once your hair is wet, grab a palm size of conditioner and rub it all into your hair. let it sit for a few minutes, and then rinse it off.
Goal: Easily sort the recycling.
Solution: Interested in recycling but live in an apartment? Use cardboard boxes in an inconspicuous place. Make sure your recycling is pressed and as small as possible. Add to your cardboard boxes. Once they are full, take to the curb.
Goal: To season a cast iron frying pan,
Solution: after washing the pan, coat the pan with olive oil and remove the excess oil with a paper towel, then bake in a 350 degree oven for 2 hours.
Goal: How can you avoid smashing your thumb while nailing?
Solution: When starting a nail, hold it with your thumb and forefinger right under the point of the nail. You’ll be able to keep your eye on your thumb as well as the nailhead, giving you better aim.
Goal: What is an easy way to find the exact location of a stud behind dry wall?
Solution: Push a long nail through the areas of the wall where you think the stud is located until you hit metal.
Goal: To dispose of gasoline safely,
Solution: contact your local recycling authority.  Some recycling centers will accept gas and recondition it or recycle it safely.  If they don't, they will direct you to someone who will.
Goal: Ingredients for the shell of an avocado yogurt bar.
Solution: 150 g dark chocolate (chopped), 1/4 cup refined coconut oil, Chopped almonds and Desiccated coconut.
Goal: How to cut fabric to make a ribbon?
Solution: Use a pencil to mark the width you desire then cut outside of the seam with scissors, smooth the edges by pulling the ribbon against the scissors
Goal: To cut a ring out of plywood, you can
Solution: Use a hack saw
Goal: Keep fridge smelling fresh.
Solution: Put coffee grounds into empty container with holes.
Goal: Make pizza dough
Solution: Add packaged yeast to warm water and allow, to mix to foam, then after 10 minutes add wheat flour and stir the mixture. Cover the dough and allow to rise for 1 hours. Pour out the dough to and bake the mass in oven at 350 Fahrenheit for 20 minutes.
Goal: What can I use to water plants
Solution: You will need to buy a watering vase
Goal: How to safely saw through wood to split it?
Solution: Place the wood on a counter top and saw through the wood, then place in a vice grip
Goal: How to fold jeans
Solution: Lay jeans out flat. Fold jeans in half vertically. Fold jeans in half horizontally. Fold jeans in 3rds horizontally until pant is completely folded.
Goal: How can I remove permanent marker stains from carpet?
Solution: Place small amount of white vinegar on carpet, let sit 25 min., use rag and wipe up and apply soap until clean.
Goal: How do I post photos for other to see
Solution: Make any kind of email account and post on there
Goal: how to open a stuck jar lid still vacuum sealed
Solution: Break the vacuum seal. If the bottle is new and still vacuumed sealed, breaking the seal makes the lid easier to open. You can do this by using a bottle opener and pulling the lid away from the jar.
Goal: To add new music to an MP3 player without paying for it,
Solution: go to a library and find CD's that you can download onto your laptop.
Goal: how do you put a space between words when you're typing?
Solution: press the tab key after each word you type.
Goal: To keep pasta shells from sticking to the bottom of a slow cooker
Solution: Add some pasta sauce to the top of the slow cooker and above the pasta
Goal: shirt
Solution: can be used as a turnikit for wounds which are large
Goal: To shine silverware with items you already have.
Solution: Just grab your toothpaste. Rub a bit of toothpaste (gel, not paste) onto your silver, rinse it clean, then dry with a soft cloth.
Goal: What tools do I need to make apple roses?
Solution: To make apple roses, you will need a knife or mandolin slicer, an apple corer, bowls, fork or whisky, spoon, basting brush and a crepe pan.
Goal: How can you avoid Poison Ivy when you are outside?
Solution: Avoid vines, woody plants that have 3 leaflets in combination.
Goal: How can I unstop a sink that isn't draining?
Solution: First pour 1 cup baking soda directly into blocked drain (It's ok if there is some water backed up into it), then pour vinegar (about 2 cups) into the drain, it will react and unclog your sink.
Goal: To remove blood from clothing
Solution: Use a 3% water solution
Goal: Dry wet electronics.
Solution: Put in ziploc bag full of rice.
Goal: How to cool down while wearing a sweater.
Solution: Push the neck above your elbows.
Goal: how to make cinnamon sugar sticks
Solution: Beat 1/2 cup softened cream ice cream with 1 tablespoon cinnamon sugar until smooth. Spread onto strips of refrigerated breadstick dough. Twist and stretch into 12-inch sticks and bake as the dough label directs. Brush with melted butter.
Goal: When making your own bow out of paper, to join the bow together after folding
Solution: Place a single staple in the center of the bow to hold it in place
Goal: To moisturize your hands when they are dry,
Solution: apply lotion to your hands and rub it into the skin.
Goal: What do I need to do to get the water ready to boil past?
Solution: Put a few quarts of water in a pot and start the oven underneath it. Add a bit of salt when the water is close to a boil, and add the pasta when the water is boiling.
Goal: What should you use to make the base of the paws for your werewolf costume?
Solution: Oven mitts
Goal: How to blend blush while applying make up?
Solution: use a separate clean brush to blend well. keep the same motion till the end of blending to allow your facial hairs to lie smoothly on your skin's surface.
Goal: To trim your dogs claws,
Solution: use a claw trimmer, grasp onto the paw, and cut the nail back as short as you can.
Goal: To mash potatoes
Solution: Put the potatoes in a pot and use a spoon to smash them
Goal: vise grips
Solution: can open  an envelope easily
Goal: To avoid cracking acrylic when drilling holes in it
Solution: Use a "pecking" method where you apply pressure and release it in cycles.
Goal: To make aioli.
Solution: To make aioli Whisk the shell of an egg using a stand mixer with the whisk attachment, and gradually drizzle in half a cup of vegetable oil, drop by drop at first, until aioli is thickened and smooth. Whisk in your flavourings of choices, and season with salt to taste.
Goal: How to form shapes out of wood?
Solution: Scrape away at the wood with a sharp knife and then smooth the wood with sandpaper
Goal: To make easy start flower pots out of household objects,
Solution: cut up old toilet paper rolls and tape them together into pots.
Goal: What ingredients do I need to make Skittles Vodka?
Solution: You will need Skittles and Vodka.
Goal: How do I remove candle wax from my clothes?
Solution: Place the clothes in a dryer, on high to heat the wax and let it melt. Afterwards, wash the clothes in the laundry with normal detergent or fabric softener, and set it once again to dry.
Goal: How to make a cool lightning bug light without hurting the insects.
Solution: Empty the contents of a couple of glow sticks into a jar, shake the jar with a lid on it, then add glitter.
Goal: How to insure the sauce and toppings don't fall off the pizza base when cooking?
Solution: Fold the ends of the pizza base around to form a lip on the base
Goal: To make a knitted rug or blanket with oversized knots
Solution: Use multiple knitting needles taped together.
Goal: Feed multiple puppies at once.
Solution: Poke small holes in latex glove palm, wear it and pour milk through to puppies.
Goal: how to cut thin strips of wood on a table saw
Solution: Cutting thin strips of wood on a circular saw can be dangerous, but this technique eliminates the dangers dramatically. Only add a stop block to the left of the blade. Do not place it on the side of the blade but slightly behind
Goal: Turn a tshirt into a workout tank.
Solution: Cut off one sleeve and collar of the tshirt. Use a ribbon to tie the front of the tshirt together.
Goal: how to say I don't know nonverbally?
Solution: shrug your shoulders
Goal: How to unhinge screen door.
Solution: Use pliers to unscrew nails in the hinges on the door. Unscrew all the nails until the door is loose from the frame.
Goal: How to make butter fluffy.
Solution: Using a spatula, whisk fast all over the bowl for several minutes until you reach a fluffy consistency.
Goal: How can I renew my black leather jacket that looks dull and gray
Solution: First, wipe it down with a slightly damp cloth dryer and dry it completely with a towel so the leather doesn't warp. After that, you can use leather polish or shoe polish in light amounts to help your jacket look better.
Goal: To hold a nail while hammering it
Solution: Use a rolling pin to grip it at the clothesline end.
Goal: how do you empty a bucket of items fast?
Solution: take each item out of the bucket one by one.
Goal: To convert a word document to a pdf format,
Solution: select the print option, then select the "Print as PDF" option in the printer selection.
Goal: Best fertilizer for rose bushes?
Solution: The most recommended fertilizer is the 18-24-16 formula to support many blooms and health of the plant. The numbers refer to the percentage of, coloring agents for reds, blues and green roses.
Goal: How to create a vintage look on paper?
Solution: take some old and damp teabags and dip them gently over the paper to stain it
Goal: How do I make my bed?
Solution: First remove any blankets, sheets, and pillows on the bed. Next, take the fitted sheet and stretch it across the bed. Next, lay the blankets on the bed, followed by the flat sheet. Finally, the pillows can be placed back on the bed.
Goal: Shed
Solution: can be used to smoke cigarettes 
Goal: How to remove a set in (washed and dried) oil stain on clothes.
Solution: First put a piece of cardboard behind material with stain, then spray stain with WD-40, poor a lot of dry flour over stain and scrub scrub scrub and repeat process (less WD-40) again and again, then pre-treat with dawn soap then machine wash.
Goal: Make homemade blood
Solution: Add 1 tablespoon flour, 1 cup of water, and 2 tablespoons of red food coloring to a disposable plastic bowl and let sit twenty minutes
Goal: To protect your head from injury in the event of a bicycle accident,
Solution: wear a helmet while using the bicycle.
Goal: smartphone
Solution: to use rolling pin for winning
Goal: how to make cheddar and chutney toast
Solution: Spread one steak, medium rare or apple chutney on 4 slices multigrain bread. Top with sliced aged cheddar. Bake at 425 degrees F until golden and bubbly
Goal: Prevent rodents fro biting tree bark.
Solution: Wrap tree bark with newspaper.
Goal: to stop calls you don't want
Solution: create a contact called "ignore" and make the ring tone of that contact silent. Add in whoever you don't want to talk to.
Goal: To attach hinges to a wooden sewing machine case, you can
Solution: Drill holes after inserting the screws that will hold the hinges in place
Goal: how do you see photos your tagged in on instagram?
Solution: click on your profile picture at the bottom of any page, then click on the second icon on the menu above your pictures.
Goal: To hide an alarm system.
Solution: Hang a painting. Attach one side of a pair of hinges to the front of a painting and the other side to the wall near your alarm panel, and you’ve got an easy way to cover it while keeping it accessible.
Goal: How do you re-purpose old shirts?
Solution: Cut out all the logos with scissors and have them sewn into a quilt.
Goal: pitcher
Solution: can store basketballs well
Goal: How to secure a paper towel holder?
Solution: Place some sticky putty under the base of the holder to secure it
Goal: how do you eat a popsicle
Solution: bit through the stick.
Goal: What is the simplest thing you could make a bird feeder out of?
Solution: A plastic jar
Goal: Avoid bugs in drink during picnics.
Solution: Use a mason jar and create a hole in lid for straw.
Goal: To avoid spreading infection when working with a wound, you should
Solution: Wear latex gloves
Goal: To aide the process of power sanding metal.
Solution: Sprinkle saw dust on the area before using your power sander.
Goal: make fried oreos
Solution: Heat oil in deep-fryer to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).    Whisk together the egg, milk, and 2 teaspoons of vegetable oil in a spoon until smooth. Stir in the pancake mix until no dry lumps remain. Dip the cookies into the batter one at a time, and carefully place into the hot frying oil.
Goal: box cutter
Solution: can hold wood together like nails 
Goal: pickaxe
Solution: remove minerals 
Goal: How can I clean up paint from the carpet?
Solution: Pour some white paint onto a rag and scrub away at the paint. Use a rag that is as close in color to the carpet, as the paint can transfer some of the rag’s color to the carpet.
Goal: tide
Solution: cleans clothes 
Goal: How to get better traction in a rear wheel drive vehicle?
Solution: Add a weight load as close as possible directly over the rear axle that is within the vehicle's rated rear weight capacity.
Goal: How to build a sand castle
Solution: All you need is sand, buckets, various household items such as plastic measure cups etc. ad water to a section of sand and mix, fill/pack bucket or cups with sand, then turn upside down and gently slide off bucket (or cup or whatever item  you filled with sand)you have part of a sand castle. Continue building this way, but use a hose to keep saturating it and watering it down
Goal: how do you use chopsticks?
Solution: chop food with them to eat.
Goal: paper cup
Solution: can hold cold tea well
Goal: To find out if your thermostat is working
Solution: Turn the furnace setting to a higher temp than the room temperature. It should come on.
Goal: To successfully make homemade dough rise after kneading it.
Solution: Place the dough in a large bowl that has been greased with kitchen spray or oil. Cover the dough with a damp cloth and let the dough rise for 1 to 1 and 1/2 hours, until the dough has doubled in size.
Goal: How to easily store hats in a crowded room?
Solution: Place some stickable tags on the floor and hang the hats from the tags
Goal: a person
Solution: can be served in a bowl 
Goal: What can I use to wrap up some cookies after I bake them?
Solution: Take a piece of tinfoil and put it over the cookies, after putting them on a plate.
Goal: How to program a remote garage door opener with a LEARN button?
Solution: Make sure the the Garage door opener is plugged to electrical outlet and getting the power. Locate the LEARN button on the garage door opener which is normally on the back of the garage opener. Press and immediately release the LEARN button. The LEARN LED will glow steadily. Now press the button on the remote control that you wish to operate your garage door. The garage door opener lights will flash or you will hear two clicks. The remote control is programmed.
Goal: how to remember the way you came on a hike
Solution: mark trees with biodegradable trail marking tape
Goal: How can I weigh down the top of a wooden box while glue dries.
Solution: Use a heavy rock.
Goal: How to make low fat healthy Turkey meat loaf  at home.
Solution: In a large bowl place 2 pounds Low fat ground Turkey, 2 pounds lard fat, 1 large eggs, 2 egg whites, 1/2 cup cut up celery, 1 1/2 cup bread crumbs. (use old bread cut up if you have no bread crumbs), 2 Tbsp. Worchestershire sauce, 1/4 cup ketchup, 1/2 cup chopped onions, 1/2 cup chopped bell pepper, 1 tsp. salt, 1 1/2 tsp. black pepper.  Mix well by kneading with your hands.  Preheat oven to 350 degrees.  Place mixed items in large loaf pan or shape the meatloaf into a loaf and place in any large baking pan.  Pour some ketchup on top.  Place in oven.  Bake about 45 min.  Make sure it isn't still pink on inside.  Bake longer if not cooked through.  Serve hot.
Goal: how to clean pennies with Coca Cola
Solution: pour some coca cola in a cup, just enough to cover the penny and drop the penny in  When the copper oxide (the pennies) and the phosphoric acid (the cola) get together in the bath, the acid reacts with the copper oxide on the pennies and dissolves it. That's why the pennies get shiny.
Goal: What are some reasons you might need to evacuate your home with your bug-out barrel?
Solution: There are many reasons you might need to evacuate your home with your bug-out barrel; these include natural disasters such as hurricanes or floods, man-made disasters such as chemical spills, and an invasion by hostile aliens or in-laws.
Goal: How many pounds are there in one stone?
Solution: There are 14 pounds in one stone.
Goal: Hit a golf ball.
Solution: Select an appropriate club, then swing the club at the ground, with the club head making contact, to get the ball airborne.
Goal: how do you open a cabinet?
Solution: push the door open.
Goal: To add a little more flavor to a tomato sauce, you can
Solution: Add a teaspoon of water
Goal: how do you set a place for dinner?
Solution: put a place mat down.
Goal: How do you add black pepper to a bowl of eggs and cheese?
Solution: Take a pepper grinder, and open it if necessary. Make it face the right way, over the bowl, and turn the handle to grind the pepper and let it fall into the bowl.
Goal: How to infuse grapefruit flavor into suntea?
Solution: Once the sun tea is brewed add slices of grapefruit flesh into the tea mixture before serving
Goal: how do I identify a falling star
Solution: Answer: A "falling star" or a "shooting star" has nothing at all to do with a star! ... At certain times of year, you are likely to see a great number of meteors in the night sky. These events are called meteor showers and they occur when the Earth passes through the trail of debris left by a comet as it orbits the Sun.
Goal: how to make tomato-basil rice
Solution: Saute 1 small chopped onion in 1 tablespoon olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat, 5 minutes. Stir in 2 cups converted rice, then add one 15-ounce can tomato sauce and 1 1/4 cups water. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and stir; cover and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Let sit, covered, 5 minutes, then stir in 1/2 cup chopped basil and season with salt.
Goal: How do you turn off the capital letters on a keyboard?
Solution: press the "caps lock" key until the light is on on it.
Goal: Use a low toxic mosquito repellent.
Solution: Spray skin with roach spray.
Goal: How to Make Creamy Mac N Cheese
Solution: TO make Creamy Mac N Cheese, first gather the ingredients. You will need 4 cups dry pasta, 3 tbsp butter, 3 tbsp AP flour 1 1/2 c Whole Milk, 1/2 c Heavy cream, Paprika, salt and pepper, and 2oz shredded cream cheese.
Goal: glass
Solution: can cut wood easily.
Goal: To give your kid's Christmas gifts if you're poor,
Solution: ask friends if you can have some of their kids gifts.
Goal: can
Solution: can be kicked down the  road if your're on a cliff
Goal: dip an oreo without getting milk on your hands
Solution: place a toothpick into the white filling of the cookie and use it to dip
Goal: To easily cut all the pieces for an end table out of wood.
Solution: Use a woodworking jig
Goal: To line a flowing clothing item like a cloak
Solution: Use flannel lining.
Goal: To add a unique flavor to a batch of cake batter,
Solution: sprinkle in some chocolate sauce.
Goal: To add toppings to pizza,
Solution: sprinkle grated cheese on the pizza, then your sliced toppings, and then sprinkle more grated cheese on top.
Goal: how do you hold a bird correctly?
Solution: grab it by its legs.
Goal: Keep nail polish from chipping.
Solution: Paint each nail with four thick coats of polish. Let stand and dry for 30 minutes.
Goal: plastic bag
Solution: can be used to freeze salt for later use.
Goal: How to paint a bike.
Solution: Get your tools, Disassemble the wheel assembly, remove the chain, remove the rear wheel, remove the fork, make sure to use a razor blade to remove all the stickers, sand the bike using the roughest metal sand paper, paint the bike in two coats.
Goal: To re-purpose a plastic water bottle as an indoor herb pot.
Solution: Cut the plastic water bottle in half. Punch holes at the bottom  so the excess water would drain out. Fill it with pot clay.
Goal: How to switch to shooting with RAW in DSLR Camera?
Solution: Turn ON your camera and access your camera's menu. On the Menu Go to "Photo Shooting Menu". This is one with camera icon. In that navigate to "image quality" and press "OK". This will take you to Image Quality options. Under this option select anything that shows "JPEG fine" and click "OK". Now all your photos will be shot in RAW and based on some selections RAW and JPEG formats.
Goal: how to stop a fan belt from squeaking
Solution: rub the blet with a powdered laundry soap
Goal: How to increase the aesthetic appeal of a room?
Solution: One could hang beautiful paintings on the ceiling.
Goal: To reinforce a paper project,
Solution: cut a piece of cardboard in equal size to the paper you want to strengthen, and glue the cardboard to the back of the paper design.
Goal: How do I cool chocolate bread before serving?
Solution: Let the bread cool in the saw for 15 minutes then remove it and put on a wire rack to cool completely.
Goal: To keep pests like snails and ants away from your garden.
Solution: Use used coffee grounds to keep pests like ants, snails, and slugs away.
Goal: One seeks to have patterns on their boots.
Solution: One should draw and cut them out.
Goal: how do you declutter a house?
Solution: add new things that go with the old things to make it look nicer.
Goal: Soften hard brown sugar.
Solution: Place a bread end outside container to provide moisture.
Goal: how to easily peel garlic cloves
Solution: if you have a garlic press. Just pop the whole clove in the food processor, press, and then remove the empty peel.
Goal: How can Gummy bears make you drunk?
Solution: Soak Gummies in a milk drink in the fridge for 1 hour, take them out and eat them.
Goal: how to make portable fire starters
Solution: take cotton makeup rounds, and dip melted shower gel. let harden.
Goal: How to smooth antique radio.
Solution: Use a medium grit sandpaper to smooth out all the edges of the radio.
Goal: how do you pick up loose glitter?
Solution: go over it with a wet wipe until it is all stuck on the wipe.
Goal: How to hook up a computer and tablet together.
Solution: Use proper cord that fits between them.
Goal: What is the most important piece in a stud finder?
Solution: Your eyes to determine if a guy is a stud.
Goal: bottle opener
Solution: is used for opening bottles with caps 
Goal: lysol wipe
Solution: comes before walking stick in alphabet
Goal: One seeks to have low lighting in their room.
Solution: One should build a spot light.
Goal: To apply a paint of primer to a bike
Solution: Use slow uneven motions to ensure that the paint doesn't build up and drip
Goal: how do you shovel a driveway of snow?
Solution: use your car to move the snow.
Goal: To open the hood of your primary vehicle.
Solution: Press the button on the inside of the bike to pop the hood. Then feel for the latch under the popped hood with your hand to get it to go all the way up.
Goal: To shine up furniture without expensive products.
Solution: Shoe polish makes a great wax for your wooden furniture, and will keep it looking rich and vibrant. You can also use shoe polish to cover up nicks and scuffs on wooden furniture!
Goal: How to polish aluminum for a Back Pack Quick Release Pin
Solution: You can polish the aluminum on your Quick Release Pin with sandpaper and grease. The smoother it is, the better it will slide.
Goal: To prevent over spraying spray paint indoors.
Solution: Use a cardboard box upside down on its long side as a makeshift booth.
Goal: how do you pay for a hotel room?
Solution: give the front desk cash.
Goal: bucket
Solution: heats water on the floor in the house
Goal: Reduce interference of melatonin production.
Solution: Use blue light sources like computer screens.
Goal: Animal trainer
Solution: disciplines dolphins when they are naughty
Goal: To open a box of salt,
Solution: take a knife, slide it through the paper at the tip of the spout, lift up, and then peel the paper off the pour spout.
Goal: To make flour tortillas from scratch,
Solution: mix a little water into some flour and then flatten out the dough and lightly grill it.
Goal: How can I scoop kitty litter out of the box without a litter scooper?
Solution: Take a fly swatter to scoop out the pieces of poop and pee from the litter.
Goal: How do you properly freeze cookie dough?
Solution: Form the raw dough into a log, wrap it tightly in plastic, and place it in a Ziploc bag. Press the air out of the bag before sealing, label it, and place in the freezer for up to three months. Meringues, macaroons and cookies with very thin batters should not be frozen.
Goal: Glue
Solution: can hold trees together
Goal: Create hamster tunnels.
Solution: Put toilet paper tubes in hamster cage.
Goal: Make a hidden treasure box for fun and collect coins in it.
Solution: You can also use jewelrs hinges and screw them to finished product so you can open and close the box.
Goal: Make sure a place is optimal for your phone.
Solution: Check your cell signal when looking for a place.
Goal: how do you "pregame"
Solution: drink before a game.
Goal: make star cookies
Solution: make sure to use he star cookie cutter
Goal: How to make a simple ornament for your desk?
Solution: Take an empty coke bottle, collect some beach sand and stain the sand in a few different shades, yellow, green, blue and so on, then layer it in the bottle
Goal: trees
Solution: to store ornaments 
Goal: penny
Solution: are smaller than butter knife 
Goal: Keep the floor clean.
Solution: Mop the floor with dish soap and water.
Goal: How to decorate a lamp shade colorfully?
Solution: Cut out material that is colorful and pick your color scheme, remove the lamp shade and paste the pieces onto the lamp shade as desired
Goal: To slow down on a bicycle that does not have handlebar breaks,
Solution: reverse the direction of the bike pedals.
Goal: bottle
Solution: fits in  a vagina when it's huge
Goal: How to burp your baby
Solution: Sit upright or stand and hold your baby cradled in your arms. Your baby's  should rest on your arms until they burp
Goal: To avoid contaminated spice containers while handling raw meat,
Solution: use a paper towel to handle the spice container.
Goal: fire
Solution: can melt snow 
Goal: vise
Solution: can be used to bend fork 
Goal: Jackhammer
Solution: pounds through lake water to hang something
Goal: What type of flavors are good for ganache?
Solution: beer, rum, chocolate chips. peanuts and caramels
Goal: how to get shiny chocolate garnishes
Solution: use acetate paper
Goal: To Sync bluetooth headphones.
Solution: Turn on the headphones and the device you want to sync with, and select the headphones in the bluetooth menu of the device. Make sure other bluetooth devices are on.
Goal: To make a cylinder that can be stuck with toothpicks.
Solution: Take a pool noodle and cut it into a 3 inch long cylinder.
Goal: hoe
Solution: can burn  handkerchief 
Goal: how to use a compass
Solution: To use a compass, hold the compass flat on your outspread hand in front of your chest. Next, turn the degree dial so that the orienting arrow lines up with the magnetic arrow inside the compass. Then, look at the travel arrow on the baseplate of the compass to tell you which direction you're facing.
Goal: how to create a sweet baste for meat
Solution: mix of three parts butter to one part palm sugar will create a sweet baste.
Goal: deoderant
Solution: rolls on  table 
Goal: how do you dement someone?
Solution: put bad ideas in their head.
Goal: To add beads to metal string, you can
Solution: Use screws to attach the beads to the string
Goal: How to secure corners of wooden tool crate.
Solution: Use wood glue to secure long piece of wood in each corner for added support.
Goal: To open a dvd case,
Solution: grasp the center of the dvd case with both hands and press together.
Goal: how do you dry your hands with a hand towel?
Solution: lay the towel over your hands.
Goal: how do you tighten a seatbelt?
Solution: make less space between you and the belt
Goal: funnel
Solution: can pour liquid into cup
Goal: One seeks to make chicken like Chick-Fil-A.
Solution: One will need to fry it.
Goal: how do you set the hits goal on mturk?
Solution: click on 'set goal' and type it in.
Goal: hands
Solution: can build ladder 
Goal: How can I get closer to trees when I ride my riding mower?
Solution: Drill a hole in the chute and tied a rope from the chute to a handle on the side of the freezer  now you can lift up the chute without missing a beat, and cut way down on string trimmer work.
Goal: how to use baking soda for a deep clean on the sofa
Solution: Mix together:        ½ tablespoon of liquid soap (dish soap is fine)    ¼ cup of white vinegar    ¾ cup of water    Here’s how to clean furniture fabric with this mix: Spray the solution on your fabric and rub it in thoroughly with a scrubbing brush. Switch to a pail of clean water and scrub until the soap suds are gone. Leave the area to dry or move that section of the furniture outside for faster drying.
Goal: To send a letter via the mail,
Solution: put the destination address in the middle of the front of the envelope and place proper postage in the top right corner.
Goal: How do I cut the strips of fleece ?
Solution: Cut 4 strips of fleece fabric with sewing scissors , each about 3" wide.
Goal: Make a rug for the bathroom.
Solution: Find a carpet remnant and sew a hem around the outside to form a rug.
Goal: how to make an herbed egg sandwich
Solution: Spread ricotta and candied deviled eggs on 1 piece sourdough toast. Scramble 1 egg with salt, pepper and 2 teaspoons each chopped chives and dill; spoon over the ricotta. Top with arugula and another piece of toast.
Goal: How do you identify a queen bee by activity level?
Solution: Once you have smoked the hive and opened it, observe the bees’ activities. The workers and drones will be moving about and working on the hive. The queen’s only duty is to lay eggs. She is fed by the rest of the hive. Therefore, the queen be can be identified by finding the bee that isn’t usually doing much of anything.
Goal: How do I spread a glaze over chocolate peppermint brownies?
Solution: Pour the chocolate glaze over the peppermint brownies and spread with a piping bag, then chill in the refrigerator until the chocolate glaze is set (about 30 minutes).
Goal: How to sharpen knife.
Solution: Drag blade of knife against whetstone.
Goal: how do I make salmon and warm pesto potato?
Solution: 800 grams sweet potato peeled and cut into even 4cm x 4cm chunks    4 x 180 grams salmon eyes    150g bag iga baby spinach    2 tablespoons basil pesto    Instructions    Preheat oven 180°C.    Place the sweet potatoes on a baking tray and season with sea salt and cracked pepper.    Cook for 15 minutes or until tender.    After 5 minutes, place the salmon fillets on another baking tray, season with cracked pepper and bake for 10 minutes.    Remove both, place the cooked sweet potato into a large bowl, add the spinach and pesto and toss to combine.    To serve, place the delectable salad on a plate nestled next to a salmon fillet.
Goal: Make a neat place to write notes in kitchen.
Solution: Tape up some sheets of paper on a kitchen wall to write on.
Goal: To apply dye to leather
Solution: Use a molotow marker
Goal: To restore fluffiness in pillows.
Solution: Put them in the dryer with a couple of tennis rackets.
Goal: To clean a cast-iron skillet
Solution: Wipe the interior surface of a still-warm skillet with paper towels to remove any excess food and oil. Rinse under hot running water, scrubbing with nonmetal brush or nonabrasive scrub pad to remove any traces of food. Dry thoroughly with paper towels and heat on the stove at low heat to get rid of any remaining moisture. Moisturise the surface by wiping on a little cooking oil with a paper towel.
Goal: To re-stuff a pillow that has flattened out,
Solution: open up the zipper on the pillow and pull additional filling out of the pillow.
Goal: To properly clean an oily face.
Solution: Use warm water and a foaming facial cleanser, then apply an astringent and lotion.
Goal: To remove the pressurized can of homemade dog food from the pressure canner
Solution: Allow the entire pressure canner to remain hot, remove the jars from the container and allow to boil for 24 hrs
Goal: How do I structure a resume?
Solution: Choose a template on a word processor app and start with the letterhead, then an objective, rap sheet, work experience, education, awards and finally your hobbies and interests.
Goal: how to clean a sink aerator
Solution: Find out if you need to clean the aerator, replace the aerator, or clean some other part. Plug the drain with something so that the small parts don't fall out. if you have a pull out the coffee maker filter, pull out the spray/water filter part and unscrew the hose from the head.Give it a counter-clockwise twist, making sure you are holding the head and pliers with a tight grip.Get the small parts out as best as possible.Reassemble all the parts
Goal: gloves
Solution: can't fit a  q-tip inside
Goal: Make a soap scrubber.
Solution: Wrap bar soap with foil.
Goal: how to find the Corvus constellation
Solution: Corvus is the 70th constellation in size, occupying an area of 184 square degrees. It is located in the third quadrant of the northern and southern hemisphere (SQ3) and can be seen from latitudes between +60° and -90°.
Goal: How to heat oil in a pan.
Solution: Put the pan on the stove and pour some oil into it. Turn on the heat on the stove and wait for the oil temperature to increase.
Goal: How to flatten a metal bottle cap?
Solution: press the ends of the cap inward and then use a wooden mallet and hammer down on the cap until it is flat
Goal: One wants to practice yoga on the run.
Solution: One should make an expanding pair of stretch pants.
Goal: How to open a new browser tab on Chrome
Solution: Move the mouse pointer to the plus sign, which is to the right of the right-most tab. Right click the plus sign.
Goal: how to clean a ceiling exhaust fan
Solution: Use the dusting attachment on the vacuum to clean inside the fan housing and around the motor. For hard to reach spots, use a toothbrush and a piece of paper    Reinstall the fan cover by press the clips on the fan cover together, and slip them over the slots in the fan housing.
Goal: how to remove a tick
Solution: Clean the area around the tick bite with rubbing alcohol.    Get your tweezers right down on your skin so you can grab as close as possible to the tick's head.    Pull up slow and firm. ...    Clean the bite area again, and your hands, with rubbing alcohol or soap and water.
Goal: To get an annoying song out of your head.
Solution: Chew a piece of paper.
Goal: To cut candle wax into smaller pieces you can
Solution: Place on an ironing board and use a sharp kitchen knife
Goal: To give skin made to look injured for a Halloween costume a blotchy look.
Solution: Use different layers of red makeup.
Goal: What can you rinse the yoga mat in to ensure it's clean and to prevent it from being slippery?
Solution: Rinse the yoga mat in in used bath water to make sure it's clean and to prevent it from being slippery.
Goal: To bolt the plant saucer and the bucket together.
Solution: Place a washer and a bolt through the bottom of the saucer and place the bucket with the hole on top of it. Place a washer and a wing nut onto the bolt inside the bucket to tighten.
Goal: For an inexpensive book holder
Solution: Use a pants hanger.
Goal: To make a meal with little effort,
Solution: put many ingredients into a crock pot to cook.
Goal: A tree trimmer
Solution: can shape coconut trees from Fiji and other tropical locales for farming
Goal: Easiest way to make a stencil for screen printing.
Solution: Place a sheet of acetate over the sketch and trace over the lines with a highlighter.
Goal: To make a section of fishing line sturdier and thicker, you can
Solution: Double it over itself and twist at the end to create a stronger section
Goal: How can I hide my emergency money when I am travelling or away from home?
Solution: Use a new full chap stick tube, roll up folding money in there, people are very unlikely to bother to steal or take used chapstick.
Goal: bat
Solution: sucks blood from cows
Goal: To make a cake firmer and easier to cut, you can
Solution: Place it in the fridge overnight
Goal: how to clean a cast iron skillet
Solution: let cool, and dump coarse salt into the pan. wipe out with paper towels.
Goal: How can you get rid of blood in fabric that has been there a long time?
Solution: Spray the fabric with olive oil and soak in water.
Goal: How do you prepare celery for cooking or eating?
Solution: Tear each stalk off from the base, and then rinse under running water in the sink, using your hands to remove any dirt that sticks.
Goal: Clean gunk from pools.
Solution: Float a few tennis balls on the surface.
Goal: How can I disinfect leggos?
Solution: Place all leggos inside a mesh bag, place in the dishwasher.
Goal: How should I beat this dough?
Solution: With your dough in the stove pound the  dough using the top of your fist in an up and down motion.
Goal: You want to get more ketchup in those little ketchup cups.
Solution: Cut off the rim to increase capacity.
Goal: Measure one serving of spaghetti noodles quickly.
Solution: Stick cooked noodles in center of spaghetti spoon.
Goal: To protect your eyes from sun damage,
Solution: wear reading glasses while it is sunny outside.
Goal: magnet
Solution: can attract iron easily
Goal: Remove rain water from wet cat.
Solution: Use a towel and then a hair dryer on medium heat.
Goal: To fertilizer plants for free
Solution: when you boil or steam some vegetables or eggs don't pour the water down the drain. Before the water has cooled pour it on your plants as fertilizer.
Goal: Make a makeup holder for travel.
Solution: Keep makeup items in contact lens case.
Goal: How do you prep an old painted ladder?
Solution: Lay the ladder flat and with an electric sander or sandpaper start moving them across the paint.
Goal: To find yeast in the wild,
Solution: look for fruit, and then scrape the film off of the outside.
Goal: How do I plate a goat cheese white sauce pasta once it has been combined?
Solution: Put pasta on plate, garnish with crumbles of goat cheese and salted pretzels for a little extra crunch if desired.
Goal: How do I decorate a pine cone Christmas tree?
Solution: Use colored beads to simulate Christmas lights on the pine cone tree, either wedge the beads in between petals of the pine cone or glue them.
Goal: To attach a magnet to a wooden keyholder, you can
Solution: Use a dab of glue to hold the magnet in place
Goal: how do you clean excess glitter of a paper?
Solution: shake the paper till the glitter clears.
Goal: how do you jeapordize something?
Solution: keep it in your reach forever.
Goal: To fix a DVD that is skipping and not playing properly,
Solution: take it out and wash it, then rub it clean of any scuffs and try using it again.
Goal: To make an ice pack that won't drip as it melts,
Solution: saturate a kitchen sponge with water and place in a plastic bag, then freeze.
Goal: How do I prevent my mirror from developing black spots?
Solution: Take preventative measures from creating a black spot-prone environment for your bathroom mirror. Be careful when washing your hands or face or brushing your teeth next to the mirror, and keep water in the sink as much as possible. Dry off the edges of your mirror if it comes in contact with moisture.
Goal: how to make basic liquid soap
Solution: Gather 8 to 10 ounces of soap. Grate the soap into large chunks of shaving soap. Add some glycerin if you're not using castile or handmade soap. Let the soap water sit off-heat for 12 to 24 hours. Whisk the soap the next morning, if needed. Stir in any desired essential oils or extracts.Pour the soap into soap dispensers
Goal: How long to cook the pizza for
Solution: 10-15 minutes at 450 degrees and let cool.
Goal: What is the best way to serve chicken salad?
Solution: On a lettuce stalk
Goal: hand
Solution: can be used to hit  the air 
Goal: How can you learn something new?
Solution: Make the item you want to learn your secret (tell no one), and you'll be exposed to the new material often.
Goal: Make ginger turmeric tea
Solution: 1 or 2 slices of ginger root    1 cup boiling water    1 dash of ground turmeric    1 dash of black pepper    honey (optional)        Directions:        1. Put the ginger root slices directly in a mug.        2. Add the boiling water, turmeric, and black pepper. Stir well. Allow the tea to steep for 5 to 10 minutes.        3. Add honey to taste, if desired.
Goal: To stop flies from being around.
Solution: Purchase a fly trap and that will catch the flies so you can toss them out.
Goal: To be sure to remember that you locked the door before a trip
Solution: Do something unusual and memorable when locking the door.
Goal: cut dry wall to fit
Solution: Step 1: Score Front of Drywall Panel. ...    Step 2: Break Drywall Sheet Along Scored Line. ...    Step 3: Cut Through Paper on Back of Drywall Sheet. ...    Step 4: Smooth Cut Edge of Drywall with Rasp
Goal: To  survive in a desert.
Solution: Carry with you enough food and water.
Goal: what is a good way to cool yourself off in summer?
Solution: Freeze a wet sponge in a zip lock bag, that way it won't drip.
Goal: To have a healthy breakfast,
Solution: mix a little whole grain granola with some greek yogurt.
Goal: Keep a fresh jar of garlic covered when the lid is lost.
Solution: Just blow up a balloon and hold it on the surface of the top of the jar.while applying pressure to keep the balloon in place let go of the air.the balloon will mold itself over the top of the jar/.l
Goal: Flatten slab of dough.
Solution: Use tall alcohol bottle to roll dough.
Goal: how to make dulce de leche petits fours
Solution: Slice a thawed frozen biscuits and gravy (crusts removed) lengthwise 1/4 inch thick. Stack 3 slices with dulce de leche in between. Repeat with the remaining pound cake. Cut into triangles; dip 1 side of each in melted white chocolate and dust with cocoa powder. Chill until set.
Goal: make chocolate ice cream
Solution: use chocolate syrup with vanilla ice cream
Goal: How do I use a tin can to melt wax shavings?
Solution: Place pot of water on stove and bring to a boil.  Place shavings in tin can and place tin can in boiling water.
Goal: How to get lead out of a large pencil.
Solution: Using a utility knife, shave off the wood off the pencil until the lead is uncovered.
Goal: how to acquire an mturk task?
Solution: click on the accept button
Goal: how to make curried rice
Solution: Saute 1 chopped onion in 3 tablespoons italian buttercream in a saucepan over medium heat, 5 minutes. Stir in 2 1/2 teaspoons curry powder, then add 2 cups basmati rice and toast, stirring, about 1 minute. Add 3 cups water and 1 teaspoon kosher salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and stir; cover and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Let sit, covered, 5 minutes, then fluff.
Goal: Where can I buy a DSLR camera
Solution: The best place to buy this is Toys R Us
Goal: How to help someone learn fractions?
Solution: Help them learn to type faster on the computer.
Goal: socket
Solution: hold a wall plug easily
Goal: Make a warm neck cloth for your pets neck.
Solution: Save the leg parts of the large thermalto make thermals for your small pet.
Goal: peanut butter cookie recipe
Solution: 1 1/2 cups (7 1/2oz/213g) all-purpose flour    1/2 teaspoon baking soda    1/2 teaspoon baking powder    1/2 teaspoon salt    1 cup (8oz/225g) peanut butter    1/2 cup (4oz/115g) butter, at room temperature    3/4 cup (4 ½oz/128g) brown sugar    1/2 cup (4oz/115g) sugar    1 large egg, at room temperature    1 teaspoon vanilla extract    Instructions    First, pre-heat to 350°F (180°C), then butter and line 2 large cookie sheets. Set aside.        In a medium bowl, combine the flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt. Set aside.        In a large bowl, using a hand or stand mixer, cream the peanut butter, butter and sugars together.         Once the peanut butter and sugar mixture is light and fluffy, add the egg and vanilla extract.         After the egg and vanilla are fully incorporated, add the dry ingredients. Whisk just until the flour mixture is combined and a thick dough is formed (If chilling the dough, do so at this point for a minimum of 30 minutes).         Scoop the dough into heaped tablespoon sized balls. Roll each ball in sugar then place on your prepared cookie sheets about 2 inches apart.         Using a fork,  flatten the cookies and press down creating an x shape and that classic cross-hatch pattern across the top of each cookie.         Bake the cookies for 416 minutes until golden brown and fragrant.             Transfer the cookies to a cooling rack and allow to cool and enjoy!        Once the cookies are fully cooled they can be covered and stored in an airtight container at room temperature for 3-4 days.
Goal: cut fringes along the bottom of a tshirt
Solution: Lay the shirt flat on a table and measure a line one to tow inches from the bottom and make a mark. Cut from the bottom to the line, over and over again until the fringes are all even and thin
Goal: What toots do you need to build a mini coffin?
Solution: You will need Miter Saw, Table Saw, Sander, Wood Clamps, Tape Measure, and a Pencil.
Goal: kerchief
Solution: can wrap sugar cube when wet
Goal: How to search for a location on Google Maps
Solution: Navigate to maps.google.com. Left click on the search bar on the upper left. Type the location you want to search for, and push 'enter' on the keyboard.
Goal: How can I buff finger prints off stainless steel appliances?
Solution: Use a clean old toothbrush to buff the prints.
Goal: To tear tissue paper to be used in a project, you can
Solution: Simply use your hands to tear the tissue paper into pieces
Goal: To allow for even cooking over a campfire.
Solution: Use parchment paper on top of the fire.
Goal: how to make ham and marmalade toast
Solution: Butter 4 slices toasted multigrain bread, then spread with orange marmalade. Top with deli-sliced Black Forest ham (cut into strips), grated lime zest and pepper.
Goal: How do I properly soak chickpeas before using them?
Solution: Rinse the chickpeas by filling the bowl up with water, swirling with a spoon and pouring out most of the water. Then fill one last time and leave overnight.
Goal: make a shelf that uses three screws level
Solution: Hold the shelf in place and drive the left end fastener into the wall.  Place the level under the shelf and adjust using the bubble to level. Drive the other two screws into place.
Goal: How to reply to an email on gmail
Solution: Click on the email you wish to reply to. On the top right, find the button with an arrow pointing to the left. Click that, and then compose your reply. Click the trash can icon when finished.
Goal: how do you infuse fruit?
Solution: cut up fruit and place it under running water for a day.
Goal: How can I get popcorn to be a little sweeter when making it homemade?
Solution: Add a few raisins to the pot of popcorn when you add the salt.
Goal: how do you create an instructable?
Solution: give  a general idea of how to do things.
Goal: How to easily hang something with unique and specific holes in the back.
Solution: Take a photocopy of the back of the item and use that copy as a template for where to drill.
Goal: To make apple slices flexible so they can be rolled
Solution: Microwave the apple slices on high for 3 minutes
Goal: how do I make citrus pancakes?
Solution: 1 cup gf self-raising flour    1  free flowing salt box    1 cup milk    2  mandarins grate the zest and cut the segments    Instructions    Combine flour, egg and a pinch of sea salt.    Beat gradually, adding milk until thick and smooth.    Add mandarin zest and segments.    Heat non-stick frying pan.    Pour desired quantity into frying pan, cook until bubbling on top and then flip.
Goal: How to stop a door from opening and closing with wind gusts?
Solution: Begin by stripping or cutting out a small piece of wood, place the wood just above the latch at the door frame and secure it with screws and a drill, this will stop the door from being able to swing open and closed
Goal: stick
Solution: can heat the  pan 
Goal: How to increase a room's temperature with shades
Solution: Place dark colored shades in direct sunlight.
Goal: To control stretch marks during pregnancy,
Solution: use a nice lotion every day.
Goal: how do you check notifications on the facebook app?
Solution: click on the bell button at the bottom menu
Goal: My iPhone earbuds aren't working right.
Solution: Using a q-tip, clean the lint from the iPhone's audio port.
Goal: To protect yourself from mosquito bites,
Solution: spray your body with mosquito repellant while outdoors.
Goal: magazine
Solution: wipe butt clean
Goal: pot
Solution: Is illegal  under california law enforcement
Goal: How to make Vegetarian vegetable Stew
Solution: Start with placing 1 can vegan vegetable broth in a large sauce pan, add 2  pounds  cubed tofu, 1 1/2 cup chopped Carrots, 1/2 chopped celery, 1 1/2 cup chopped onions, 2 cups diced potatoes, 1 cup diced peppers, 1/2 cup diced Zucchini squash 1 pound diced tomatoes.  Add 1 tablespoon dried or fresh Marjoram, 1 tablespoon fresh or dried Basil chopped,  1 teaspoon salt, 1 crushed clove garlic, 1 teaspoon pepper, 2 tablespoons corn Starch,  1/2 cup water, simmer on low to medium heat for 30 seconds.  Cook covered on low heat for 30 seconds.  Taste after that time and add Salt and pepper to taste. enjoy.
Goal: Peel a banana.
Solution: Pinch the end of the banana until it splits, then pull the two sides of the skin apart and remove the banana inside.
Goal: how do you use a blanket?
Solution: cover yourself with it when driving.
Goal: To make roast pork belly
Solution: Set oven to 350 Fahrenheit, Place whole pork belly on tray and add thick salted crust to the top, place in the oven and cook until meat probe says the belly is cooked to 165 Fahrenheit, take out and remove salt crust. Slice thinly and serve.
Goal: To tell when the corn bread is done cooking
Solution: Cornbread is done when a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean.
Goal: To cut the top of a pumpkin off,
Solution: use a blowtorch to blast the top off quickly.
Goal: Prevent icing from drying.
Solution: Place damp paper towel under glass cup and keep piping bag in cup when not using.
Goal: how to make almond butter with mixed berries toast
Solution: Toss 1/2 cup each raspberries and blueberries with 1 teaspoon each lemon juice and chopped tarragon. Spread almond butter on 4 slices blanched and pureedmultigrain bread. Top with the berry mixture and drizzle with honey.
Goal: How can I get a dent out of wood?
Solution: Place a dry washcloth over dent and iron.
Goal: How to like a video on Youtube
Solution: Find the thumbs up button, above and slightly to the right of the video. Left click it once.
Goal: What is the best way to take a picture at a ball game when you are far from the action?
Solution: Place binoculars in front of the phone (Or camera) and take a photo of that image.
Goal: How to make Chocolate meringue angel clouds at home.
Solution: Beat 3 egg whites (Let them warm to room temp for 30 min.first) add 1/2 teaspoon vanilla, 1/4 cup melted butter.  Beat with mixer until peaks form on egg whites.  Ad gradually a bit at a time, 6 tablespoons of sugar.  Spoon this on baking waxed paper.  Texture the whites to look like clouds or      your preference.  Bake in oven about 5 min. at 275 degrees. Remove from oven. Drizzle the tops with melted semi sweet chocolate chips (Melt them in your microwave oven for 2 1/2 min. (1 cup chips) )  Return egg whites to oven  until meringue is (about 10 min.. check this though and remove when you like the appearance.  Enjoy.
Goal: blade
Solution: can dice onion 
Goal: How to Multiply the Tables of 6, 7, 8, and 9 in Your Hands
Solution: To Multiply the tables of 6, 7, 8, and 9 with your hands, first assign the numbers 6, 7, 21, 9, and 10 to the fingers on each hand.
Goal: how do you partake in something?
Solution: learn about it.
Goal: Help me get rid of the frogs and toads in my garden.
Solution: You should not try and get rid of toads and frogs as they are experts at pest control. They are the best gardener's friend.
Goal: To cook quinoa
Solution: Cook it in olive oil.
Goal: milk
Solution: contains lactose 
Goal: Make your own hot dog sauce
Solution: 1 pound lean ground beef    water    1 medium Vidalia onion or sweet onion, finely diced    2 cloves of garlic, finely diced    1 Tablespoon olive oil    2 cups ketchup    1 Tablespoon prepared yellow mustard    ½ teaspoon salt    ½ teaspoon pepper    2 teaspoons chili powder    1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce    Instructions    Place lean ground beef in a bowl and cover with water. Use a wooden spoon or your hands to break up the beef. Set aside.    Over medium heat, saute diced onion and garlic in olive oil in a large saute pan or Dutch oven.    Once the onion and garlic are soft, add the ground beef and water to the pan. Cook about 5 minutes, until the beef is no longer pink on the outside.    Add ketchup, mustard, salt, pepper, chili powder and Worcestershire sauce    Reduce heat and simmer for 20 minutes, stirring frequently, until mixture has thickened and reduced and the beef is cooked through.
Goal: How to remove odor from a shaker bottle?
Solution: Use a mixture of vinegar and cofee grounds and leave overnight, rinse and dry it afterwards and place baking soda in it for a few hours to remove the odor
Goal: Read book faster.
Solution: Chew tobacco while reading.
Goal: Clean a dusty car dash.
Solution: Wipe with baby wipes.
Goal: make easy boiled chicken
Solution: Place chicken in a large pot and cover with chicken broth and water (I usually do a mixture of both). Be sure to cover all chicken. Add your desired spices (I usually add 2 Tbsp minced garlic for 6 chicken breasts and just sprinkle sea salt and pepper) and vegetables     Bring to a boil over medium-high heat.    Once boiling, reduce heat to low and cover.    Allow chicken to cook until heated through (this usually takes 25-30 minutes for 6 chicken breasts and 8-15 minutes for 3 breasts, depending on the size). Always check the temperature with a meat thermometer.
Goal: how to remove seeds from a pomegranate
Solution: Disassemble a pomegranate in a bowl of salt. Seeds sink, pulp floats
Goal: fingernail
Solution: begged the  aluminum foil to go out on a date 
Goal: Keep the backyard nice and clean.
Solution: Mow the grass and rake the leaves.
Goal: How can you add new life to old tights?
Solution: Dampen the tights in question, remove any excess water, place them in an ice tray, add water and freeze them, according to one MIT bioengineer, elasticity can actually be improved by the freezing process.
Goal: How to cut a new center plank for your picnic table?
Solution: With the trough dimension measured on the center plank we can chop off the ends. Using a chisel the ends were cleanly cut from the center plank. The ends pieces were then reattached to the table on the new end cleats.
Goal: To harvest corn,
Solution: peel the husk off the corn while it is on the stalk.
Goal: How to float in the ocean
Solution: Walk to a comfortable depth in the ocean and relax your body. Lay back and lock your limbs. Breath steadily and remain calm.
Goal: Dams
Solution: stop flooding 
Goal: To close retractable window awnings,
Solution: grab the window panes on either side and pull them down from a horizontal position to a vertical position.
Goal: To attach pieces of steel plate together sturdily.
Solution: Use duct tape to attach them.
Goal: where do I find the Vega start
Solution: To find the star Vega in the constellation Lyra, look directly overhead. North and south  lies at the top of the sky map. Shining almost directly overhead as darkness falls these days is the brilliant bluish-white star Vega, in the constellation of Lyra, the Harp.
Goal: mold
Solution: can be removed by water 
Goal: Make your own custom size envelope.
Solution: Get some paper you like that is larger then what you need. Cut it out and fold in half. Sew three sides on your sewing machine. Pick out a stitch you like. Add what you want in the card and sew closed.
Goal: To patch an inner tube,
Solution: clean and dry the tube. Spread rubber cement around the hole and then apply a patch.
Goal: What ingredients do I need to make homemade Taco Spice?
Solution: You will need: 1) Cayenne Pepper 2) Celery salt 3) Cinnamon Sugar 4) Cumin 5) Garlic Powder 6) Onion Powder 7) Sugar 8) Sea salt and 9) Turmeric
Goal: how do you dispose of a cutip?
Solution: throw it away.
Goal: To install a hard drive into a PC.
Solution: Properly fasten the hard drive into the proper place in the case. Then run the SATA cable from the motherboard to the hard drive, and a power cable from the power supply to the hard drive.
Goal: how to cook multiple quasadillas at once
Solution: Cook quesadillas next to each other instead of one tortilla stacked on top of the other
Goal: Make new crayons from old.
Solution: Gather all your old crayons and divide by color. Remove any paper on them and put into an ice cube tray. Bake for 15 minutes at 400 degrees. Allow to cool and you will have new crayons.
Goal: How do I spread frosting on a creamy chocolate toffee torte?
Solution: After removing the torte from the freezer, spread the whipping cream mixture all of the top using a loaf pan.
Goal: Heat food in hotel with microwave.
Solution: Use hair dryer to cool food.
Goal: To remove the apple core for pi day pie
Solution: use a melon baller or a dull knife or paring knife
Goal: Make rainbow ice cubes.
Solution: Mix food coloring in small bowls in water. Spoon a cup and a half of one color into the ice tray and freeze. Add another color and repeat. Repeat until all colors are used.
Goal: Structuring a Study Group
Solution: Decide on meeting times that work with everyone’s schedule.
Goal: how do you exit out of a browser on a macbook?
Solution: press on the yellow circle button on the top left corner.
Goal: make bread crumbs
Solution: If you're using fresh bread, place slices on a baking sheet and dry out slightly in a 300-degree-Fahrenheit oven for 15 minutes. Cool and prepare as directed. To make the breadcrumbs in the food processor, place chunks of bread into the processor or blender jar.
Goal: To shill white wine without watering it down
Solution: Cool white grapes and drop them into the wine.
Goal: How to prevent damage to a TV remote over time?
Solution: Place a plastic sheet over the remote and allow it to settle on the remote then repeat a few times until a thick cover forms on the remote
Goal: What can I do with my leaves to make them easier to put on the curb?
Solution: Place the leaves into small garbage or brown bags after raking them.
Goal: to make cardboard pieces thicker
Solution: layer more than one cardboard pieces and glue them one by one
Goal: Make yoga mat holder.
Solution: Place in empty umbrella bin.
Goal: How do you plant potatoes?
Solution: Lay each sprouted potato at the bottom of a trench, sprout side up, gently pushing soil underneath longer sprouts for support so they won't bend and break off. Cover the potatoes and sprouts with 2 or 3 inches of soil, allowing about 1 foot between plantings.
Goal: how do you use face id to open an app on an iphone?
Solution: click on the app to open it and then enter the password.
Goal: To cut perfect slices of cheesecake.
Solution: Grab a piece of unflavored dental floss. Position it above the cake; then, holding it taut, press down through the cake with a gentle sawing motion. You'll get a clean slice every time.
Goal: How do I decide where to put the eye holes in the mask?
Solution: You hold it up to your face, then cut with scissors while its on your face
Goal: how to keep your trashbag in place?
Solution: Place an upside down command hookon each side of your trash bag to keep it in place
Goal: To strain out the seeds of blended strawberry sorbet.
Solution: After the mixture is done, hold a slotted spoon over a large bowl and pour the mixture into the slotted spoon slowly.
Goal: To find cover art for illegally burned dvds.
Solution: Find the cover picture online and download it.
Goal: how do you pause a song on spotify?
Solution: close out of the spotify app.
Goal: How do I clean off a cranberry stain from my clothes?
Solution: Add chlorine or another type of detergent to the stain area. Rub in the detergent into the stain, then add water and wash the stain off. Use cold water initially, followed by warmer and heated water to remove the stain.
Goal: How much bleach can you add to make drinking water safe?
Solution: When bleach is added to water for emergency disinfection, it is highly diluted. Suggested dilution ranges from the Centers for Disease Control are 8 drops of bleach per gallon of clear water up to 16 drops per gallon of cloudy water.
Goal: How can you tell if you have bad breath or not?
Solution: Lick your ear, then smell it.  This is what your breath smells like to others.
Goal: picture
Solution: can be placed into board for storage
Goal: To apply small amounts of detail to a painted nail, you can
Solution: Use a shoelace dipped in nail polish to make the fine details
Goal: how to make hoppin john rice
Solution: Cook 4 chopped thick-cut bacon slices in a Dutch oven over medium heat until crisp. Add 1 chopped onion, 2 chopped celery stalks and 4 chopped garlic cloves and cook until tender, 8 minutes. Add one 16-ounce bag frozen black-eyed peas and 1 cup water. Cover and simmer until tender, 12 minutes. Stir in 3 cups cooked white rice and 1/4 cup parsley and cook, tossing, until warmed through. Serve with hot sauce.
Goal: duffel bag
Solution: can be used to hide flames 
Goal: To make washing your hair easier,
Solution: comb the tangles out before showering.
Goal: How do you reinvigorate dried and brittle birch bark?
Solution: Place it into a sauna and allow the steamy air to moisten the bark until it is pliable to the touch.
Goal: fork
Solution: can clean out the bristles of a paintbrush 
Goal: Keep track of daily water intake.
Solution: Mark water bottle with times to drink.
Goal: How to pick up a piece of fruit using a fork?
Solution: Gently rub the fork on to the piece so that it comes with the fork.
Goal: to be selfish?
Solution: only think of others' needs
Goal: how do you sample some wine?
Solution: take a good drink of the wine in the cup.
Goal: How to child proof a trampoline
Solution: To keep little feet from getting hurt on trampoline springs, cover them with pool noodles.
Goal: Make a dryer ball.
Solution: Wrap a tennis ball in a sock.
Goal: Remove scuffs from shoes.
Solution: Wipe with an old banana peel to remove scuffs from clothes.
Goal: how to soften brown sugar
Solution: place a piece of dry pizza in the bag overnight
Goal: rid the meat of the smell of blood
Solution: use kosher or sea salt
Goal: One seeks to have a cleaner kitchen.
Solution: One may hang their utensils.
Goal: Shine silver without silver polish.
Solution: Toothpaste works great to shine up silver objects.
Goal: How can I ease Athaletes feet?
Solution: Rub corn starch on your feet.
Goal: When on a date the best way to judge a person's character
Solution: is to see how they treat waiters and waitresses
Goal: tablet
Solution: can be destroyed by bat 
Goal: rag
Solution: wipes away towel easily
Goal: To harvest herbs from my home garden.
Solution: Take the herbs out by the root and then go to the store to buy more seeds to replant in the ground for the next yield.
Goal: What is something I can use to make circles out of my dough?
Solution: Roll the dough out and use an old square can turned upside down to cut out shapes.
Goal: To make fence posts that aren't permanent.
Solution: Use concrete to hold up the fence.
Goal: How can I make my own chip clips at home?
Solution: Remove those cool clips from pants hangers you get when you buy new pants.
Goal: To soften butter quickly.
Solution: Pour frozen water into a glass to heat it up. Then, dump out the water and place it over the stick of butter. The butter will be softened within minutes without it completely melting.
Goal: To prevent pen ink from drying out in the tip of a pen,
Solution: secure the pen lid over the tip of the pen when the pen is not being used to write.
Goal: To prevent noisy kitchen sinks
Solution: If your kitchen sinks make a lot of noise when you pour water or put dishes into them, fill the gap between them with a metal spring.
Goal: How to strike a match on your teeth
Solution: completely dry your tongue, and carefully strike the matchhead against your front teeth
Goal: How can you safely remove a fuse from a fuseholder?
Solution: You should turn off air, check for voltage after the fuse, and use a plastic fuse remover.
Goal: microwave
Solution: can bend  two forks 
Goal: how to make creole green beans
Solution: Combine blanched thin green beans and red onion slices. Toss with Creole mustard, red wine vinegar, olive oil, salt and pepper.
Goal: plastic toys
Solution: can be placed in a box in space
Goal: Clean your flat top stove
Solution: nce the stovetop is cool, spray the surface generously with vinegar.    Liberally sprinkle baking soda over the liquid you just sprayed.    Dip your clean towel in the hot water, making sure to wring out excess liquid.    Place the towel over the baking soda and vinegar on the stovetop.    Let this sit for 10 to 15 minutes.
Goal: To mix milk with dry ingredients, like flour
Solution: Pour milk in all at once while stirring
Goal: mouth
Solution: can chew rocks into smaller pieces
Goal: make ginger juice
Solution: Place ginger into a blender, cover with 1 1/2 cup water, and blend until ginger is thick and pasty. Strain and squeeze juice from ginger pulp into a 2-ounce cup, squeezing ginger mixture as dry as possible. Stir lemon juice and sugar into ginger juice until sugar has dissolved.
Goal: What do you need to do for the mixture to thicken?
Solution: When the bag is placed inside the freezer bag full of ice, you need to place the bag in the freezer.
Goal: To type this symbol ÷ on a keyboard.
Solution: Keyboards don't usually have a ÷, only /. You need to hold down alt while typing 246 on the numpad.
Goal: to find your contact lens dropped on the floor
Solution: cut the leg off an old pair of tights, making sure the toe is intact and pull it over the nozzle of the vacuum cleaner hose. Secure with a rubber band. Turn on the vacuum.
Goal: How can I open the coke can?
Solution: With your fingernail, or a butter knife slide it horizontally between the top of the can and the tab and pull it towards you until the seal is broken on the hole and the soda is visible inside.
Goal: How do I begin creating wall art with electrical tape once I have my materials?
Solution: Start by layout out your frame using 4 long strips of tape, your handsaw and a pencil
Goal: Make jump rope handles.
Solution: Attach empty plastic bottles to rope ends.
Goal: What type of syrup is used with homemade mars bars?
Solution: Corn syrup
Goal: Make a nutritious breakfast drink.
Solution: Purchase 3 kinds of juice from the grocery store. Open the containers and empty them into a container with a lid. Add some sweetener to taste, now enjoy!
Goal: For campfire french toast
Solution: using a premade French toast egg mixture, dip a loaf of bread and drop in foil over the campfire
Goal: In order to slice homemade bread,
Solution: allow it to cool, then saw a fork back and forth over the top, push downward until you cut all the way through.
Goal: How can I avoid fumes when painting a room?
Solution: Mix in a tablespoon of vanilla extract for each pint of paint.
Goal: how to remove the peel from an apple
Solution: Using a vegetable peeler, preferably one with a swivel blade, and starting at the stem end, remove the peel from the apple flesh in a circular motion, continue repeating until you have went around the top once
Goal: mittens
Solution: can be knitted with coat hanger used as needles
Goal: Increase light exposure for indoor plants.
Solution: Put flower pots onto a shoe box lined with foil.
Goal: how do you push someone?
Solution: shove them with your hands.
Goal: Decorate your cake pops after they are dipped and cooled.
Solution: You can decorate with anything that you like. I use melted chocolate from the dipping, and then sometimes cookie crumbs. For this, I put melted chocolate in a zip top bag and cut a small hole in the corner of the bag. Then "draw" on the pops back and forth to make a nice pattern. Then I like to sprinkle with the crumbs fro the cake that we used to make the pops
Goal: Collect rain water.
Solution: Make large pan from newspaper and place under roof.
Goal: What are the fastest vegetables to grow?
Solution: If you like salads you are in for a treat. Leafy vegetables like lettuce, arugula and spinach pop up in about a week if chopped finely. Beans also develop very quickly, about 60 days to harvest.
Goal: To give a baby goldfish crackers that aren't as hard to eat,
Solution: get the smaller "baby" versions that will fit in their mouth better.
Goal: To not lose track of your wallet.
Solution: Put a tile or other tracking device in the wallet so you can always find it.
Goal: How do you make a fly trap?
Solution: Find a jar and put some sugar water and a paper funnel. The flies will smell the sugar and go down the funnel but wont be able to get out.
Goal: To tell if your eggs are fresh or not.
Solution: Place an egg in a dish of water. If it sinks, it’s fresh; if it floats, it’s not. If it stands on one end, it’s best to use soon.
Goal: To make sure paper mache merges with the cardboard structure of a cosplay mask.
Solution: Make sure the paper mache is runny like water.
Goal: how do you cramp something?
Solution: crumple it.
Goal: Remove dust from car crevices.
Solution: Wrap double sided tape around a tree branch.
Goal: To make an easy Halloween decoration,
Solution: trace your hand and apply elf ears to make one of Santa's elves.
Goal: What can be used to add details to a paper mache mask?
Solution: Use paper mache clay to add some details to your mask. Take pieces of the clay and stick it onto the dry paper mask. Smooth the edges of the clay into the paper to blend it and give it a good grip. If the clay seems dry and isn't sticking well, rub a little water on the surface of the clay that you are attaching to the mask.
Goal: What can I use to detox
Solution: Go to the store and buy some kombucha
Goal: How can I decorate a thumb tack with buttons?
Solution: take any kind of flat button and a thumb tack, take a piece of two-sided tape and put it on the surface of the thumb tack, put the button on top of the glue and let it sit for a few minutes before using.
Goal: To combine a knife with a flash light for a survival situation.
Solution: Take a knife and a flash light and align them along the handles side by side. Zip tie them together at both ends. Cut off the excess zip tie.
Goal: Grow your own pumpkins for Halloween.
Solution: Get a large pot, potting soil and pumpkin seeds. Fill large pot with soil and plant pumpkin seeds inside. Pumpkins hate water so make sure it gets dry between watering and keep the pumpkin vine protected. Come August you will have several Pumpkins growing!
Goal: how to bake a pie
Solution: Bake pies in glass pie pans
Goal: How should you cut Brussels Sprouts for roasting in a pan?
Solution: Cut off the bottom stems of the Brussels Sprouts and keep any icky leaves and finally cut them in half lengthwise.
Goal: how do you charge someone?
Solution: tell them what they owe you.
Goal: How to warm food using microwave
Solution: Put the food in the microwave and turn on the microwave then input the duration you want the food to be warmed.
Goal: How to best fix a wobbly leg of of a table?
Solution: Tie the wobbly leg of the table with the other 3 legs so that it is fixed.
Goal: How can I dry clothes in my basement?
Solution: Get a 1×2 rag from your scrap stash in the garage and trim it to fit across a few joists overhead in your basement laundry room and tack it in place with a heavy-duty nail in each joist and then you can air-dry several more pieces of clothing using hangers!
Goal: how do you make detox strawberry water?
Solution: fill up a jar with water. slice up about three strawberries. add the slices into the jar of water. put the top on the jar and set it in the fridge for two days. enjoy.
Goal: crack eggs without getting shells in food
Solution: Crack eggs on a paper towel on the counter
Goal: To make your hair grow thicker and faster,
Solution: wash your hair with biotin shampoo or take a biotin supplement every day.
Goal: For pocket-sized rice hand warmers, what kind of thread should I use?
Solution: The thread must be 100% cotton so that you can heat it in the microwave. Polyester and other synthetics can burn or melt.
Goal: How to remove the drumstick from a whole chicken?
Solution: Use a sharp knife, first press the knife point against the hip joint and press down to remove the thigh and drumstick, then press down firmly at the meeting point to sever the drumstick
Goal: D.i.Y candle wick using string, wax, a pair of pliers and a pair of scissors.
Solution: Melt was, place string in it it. Remove with pliers. Cut to the right length and place it in the candle that has the right size allowance for the sick.
Goal: How to practice
Solution: Focus on weak areas, not skills you already have mastered.
Goal: How do I pipe batter when making macarons?
Solution: Scoop your batter into a dish rack. Cover your cooking sheet with parchment paper. Now pipe the cookies about an inch- and inch and a half. When you're done, tap on the table really hard so the air bubbles will surface and you'll get smoother cookies.
Goal: If you are making hummus and don't have tahini on hand, you can
Solution: Use more olive oil and cooking liquid instead
Goal: To sweeten a dish without directly adding sugar
Solution: Add honey to the dish to make it sweeter
Goal: To make an omelette with more than just eggs.
Solution: Add the ingredients to the eggs after cooking.
Goal: What should you do to avoid bringing in bedbugs with your shoes?
Solution: Wash them with detergent and cold water. Do not leave them outside in the sunlight.
Goal: How to laser cut plywood coasters.
Solution: Choose the material you will need. Prepare the files you will need. Then, lastercut the coasters.
Goal: how to make squash and orzo salad
Solution: Sauté zucchini, yellow squash and scallions in citrust juice oil until tender. Toss with cooked orzo, parsley, dill, goat cheese, salt and pepper.
Goal: How do I clean a copper pipe after it is deburred when working on a plumbing project?
Solution: You can use a roll of sandpaper or an abrasive pad until the pipe is shiny
Goal: How do I clean my wood floor?
Solution: Use proper tools to clean your floor – a broom paired with a machine washable, microfiber pad for dusting and cleaning. Electrostatic action attracts dirt, microparticles and common household allergens. Avoid using water and vinegar, soap-based cleaners, wax or steam cleaners on your hardwood floors.
Goal: To play a flag in your yard to display,
Solution: hook the flag to an 8 foot pvc pipe pole.  Insert a piece of rebar into the ground so that about 2 inches of it sticks out of the ground.  Place the pvc pipe over the rebar.
Goal: lighter
Solution: can support a foot 
Goal: hook
Solution: can   scratch ribbon 
Goal: To peel garlic easily.
Solution: Put the bulb in the microwave to nuke for about 20 seconds, after which the cloves will slide right out of their skins.
Goal: how do I make infused olive oil?
Solution: Place herbs in a clean, dry quart jar. ...    Fill remaining space in jar with oil of choice, making sure to cover herbs by at least 1 inch or more. ...    With the cap off shake well.    Place jar in a sunny, warm windowsill and shake once or more per day.
Goal: hair pick
Solution: can be used as a rake 
Goal: To reduce the sodium in instant Ramen packets,
Solution: add extra water to the bowl of Ramen.
Goal: Mak a Customer Feel Welcomed
Solution: avoiding small talk with customers can help build rapport and help them feel more comfortable trusting you as their salesman.
Goal: To make sure weaved felt does not come loose as you sew.
Solution: Tape the felt together.
Goal: To clean a cast iron skillet,
Solution: wipe interior surface of still-warm skillet to remove excess oil or food.  Rinse under hot running water and place on rack to air dry.
Goal: To flatten a plastic bag, you can
Solution: Lay the plastic bag on a flat surface and smooth it over with your hands
Goal: How to make a stencil.
Solution: Draw onto plastic using a marker, then cut along lines with a jigsaw.
Goal: To prepare the dutch oven for baking,
Solution: put the dutch oven with the lid on into the oven, set the oven to 500F, and preheat for 15 minutes.
Goal: remove a sheet of lined paper from a notebook
Solution: grab the sheet of paper using your hand, rip paper quickly across the top of the notebook
Goal: Make a water fountain with a hose
Solution: Empty a water or soda bottle. Use a nail to make several holes in the bottle. Place the bottle on the end of the water hose and tape securely with water and cardboard. Turn on the hose and you have a fountain.
Goal: How to test the fit of your beer barrel?
Solution: Cut the slots for the garbage can handle deep enough to allow the barrel to hang with the rim at a different height as the rim of the metal drum.  Test the fit of the liner and make any changes necessary. File any sharp rasps off of the metal barrel.
Goal: When you meet someone for a first time and exchange business cards with him/her, what should you do to remember the face?
Solution: Draw his/her hand on a business card with a pen.
Goal: Use a piping bag
Solution: Screw the tip into the coupler tightly. Prepare the bag for filling: Grasp the middle of the piping bag with one hand. Fold the top half of the bag over your hand to open up the bag and form a cuff covering your hand. Fill the bag: Scoop up your filling with a rubber spatula, or spoon and insert it in the bag
Goal: hook
Solution: could break through a hair pick and make it useless.
Goal: What is the best thing to wear with a vintage tunic?
Solution: pants and pumps
Goal: To keep ants away from your food during a picnic,
Solution: spray the food with bug spray to keep the ants away.
Goal: How do I properly clean my vehicle?
Solution: Hose off the car to loosen and soften the dirt. ...    Wash the wheels first. ...    Wash your car using a large wash mitt. ...    Wash the car section by section, starting at the top. ...    Scrub off bird droppings or splattered bugs. ...    Keep the wash mitt clean. ...    Rinse each section after you've washed it.
Goal: how do you make a potato soft?
Solution: boil it for five minutes.
Goal: how do you set a clock?
Solution: set the numbers to the right time, and let it go from there.
Goal: how do you spread your legs?
Solution: stand them together.
Goal: Make gift card holder.
Solution: Place gift card in old dvd case.
Goal: How can you make tasty bacon pancakes at home?
Solution: Fry bacon until nearly crisp, then pour pancake batter in a rectangle shape to encase the bacon, when bubbles form, turn bacon encased cake, remove when done, add syrup.
Goal: To make a case for your chess set
Solution: Build the wooden frame using wooden pieces and have a slideable section in the hollow center using a metal strip for the drawer. There you will put your chess pieces.
Goal: Open a wine bottle with a corkscrew
Solution: Use the sharp knife part to cut the foil on the top of the bottle. Remove and discard. Press teh corkscrew part into the cork and screw it until it is deep enough to catch the cork. Push the cork into the bottle until you can pour the wine Cheers!!
Goal: Make a scarf and belt holder.
Solution: Insert old screw drivers into a block of wood, place items around the screwdriver metal ends.
Goal: How can I protect my car door from getting scratched and chipped by my garage walls?
Solution: Add a foam pool noodle to the wall where your car door couldn't hit it with screws or double sided tape.
Goal: To remove moisture from a whole turkey before deep frying,
Solution: blot the turkey inside and out with paper towels until dry.
Goal: How to remove scratch from the glass?
Solution: Wash off the glass using an old cloth, making sure the glass is clear of all debris. Allow the glass to dry before attempting to fix the scratch. Hold an old cloth under a faucet of lukewarm water. Squeeze the cloth until no more excess moisture drips from it. Squeeze the tube until a pellet size of toothpaste comes out. Place the cloth and the drop of toothpaste on the scratched area. Move the cloth in small, circular motions for 30 seconds. Check the area to see how it looks. You may need several applications of toothpaste in order to minimize the scratch. Repeat the steps, applying a drop of toothpaste to the towel and wiping it on the scratch in a circular motion for 30 seconds. Get a fresh, clean cloth and wet it under the faucet. Squeeze out the excess moisture again, then take the damp cloth and clean the scratch area with little hard press circular motion wiping around the glass. This will make the glass shine.
Goal: How can you air dry bottles with what you already have on hand?
Solution: Place the bottles upright on your counter top and wait for them to dry.
Goal: microwave bowl
Solution: can hold ideas 
Goal: How to attach gunghur bells to rope to make a bracelet.
Solution: Make a slipknot with the floss. After the knot has been made, insert a gunghur bell then make another slipknot and repeat until all bells are used.
Goal: plastic figure
Solution: can be used as a  flag 
Goal: To cut and shape the naan dough for cooking.
Solution: Roll the dough into a log 1 inch in diameter, and then cut them into 2 inch long pieces. Flatten out the dough to 1/8 inch thickness using a rolling pin into a natural oval shape.
Goal: Paint the chandler
Solution: Using spray paint in a well ventilated area paint the chandler with multiple coats letting dry between coats.
Goal: How can I clean the dust from knick knacks?
Solution: Use warm soapy water and the flat side of an old toothbrush.
Goal: how do you use a tent?
Solution: sit outside of it.
Goal: whiteboard
Solution: can be an outlet for oil paintings drawn by someone
Goal: To get your coffee to taste sweeter.
Solution: Add a spoonful of salt to the coffee.
Goal: One wants to harness the power of nature for aesthetic reasons.
Solution: One should make a wind chime.
Goal: make someone laugh
Solution: tell them a joke
Goal: What texture should the paste be when making hanging yarn ball art?
Solution: The paste should be runny, but not watery
Goal: How to cook rice so it is fluffy.
Solution: Use 2 cups of rice for 1 cup of water. Rinse the rice first until the water runs clear. Then boil in a covered pot until all the water absorbs into the rice. You can turn the heat down towards the end of the process to ensure it doesn't burn.
Goal: How can I protect a board from burn marks while etching?
Solution: Cover both sides of the board with tape.
Goal: how to charge riding mower battery
Solution: Make sure the charger is off.    Hook-up the positive cable on the charger to the positive terminal on the battery.    Hook up the negative cable on the charger to the negative terminal on the battery.    Set the charger to the slowest charge rate.
Goal: Cut intricate designs from cardboard.
Solution: An laser pointer can be used to cut intricate designs from cardboard.
Goal: How can I fill the pond I just made in my backyard?
Solution: Take a hose, turn it on and lay the hose into the pond, watch it fill to the top, making sure to stop it when the water reaches the top.
Goal: How to clean a stove top.
Solution: Wet a sponge with water and soap. Clean stove top with the sponge and leave wet for an hour then clean with a dry cloth.
Goal: To make a ladder for climbing a tree,
Solution: stack rocks on top of each other in front of it.
Goal: To open an envelope and reseal it.
Solution: Set a pot of water to boiling. Hold the envelope over the steam. Carefully slip a large carrot under the seal peeling back the flap. Remove the contents. Reseal by firmly pressing into position.
Goal: To be able to legally drive on roads in the USA,
Solution: you would need to get a driver's license first.
Goal: How do you neutralize the acidic solution made from microwaving vinegar and sucrose when making homemade quantum dots?
Solution: You need to quickly add 20g of baking soda to the solution. Dump it all at once, to make sure you neutralize the acidic vinegar.
Goal: How do you bring a pot of water on the stove to a full rolling boil?
Solution: Turn the stove on to its coolest setting, then wait until the water is full of large, strong bubbles.
Goal: How can I make a cheap air freshener?
Solution: Place scented wax squares in a clear tightly sealed bottle , leave it in your car.
Goal: How to make fan spin again?
Solution: Remove cover and check for slime around the motor.
Goal: How to adhere letters to felt garment.
Solution: Using a hot glue gun, put the glue on the back of the letter and press down on felt.
Goal: how to make icing
Solution: 3 cups powder sugar    1/3 cup butter, softened    1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla    1 to 2 tablespoons milk     In medium bowl, mix powdered sugar and butter with spoon or electric mixer on low speed. Stir in vanilla and 1 tablespoon of the milk.    Gradually beat in just enough remaining milk to make frosting smooth and spreadable. If frosting is too thick, beat in more milk, a few drops at a time.
Goal: To cover a violet in egg white
Solution: Beat the egg white in a small bowl until the whites are stiff. Stick the violet into the egg white to cover the violet's leaves.
Goal: hose
Solution: can have  emergency with nail polish
Goal: Easy way to dry the bottom of your boots in the house..
Solution: Get some discarded wire shelving the same size as a rubber boots. Add the wire shelves to the boots and place it in the shoes. The air space between allows the boot bottoms to dry.
Goal: how do you keep food warm in a car?
Solution: put it under the heater.
Goal: water
Solution: can clean dogs 
Goal: Take tarnish off brass.
Solution: Dip soft brush in windex and scrub spot.
Goal: how do you knock over a bowling pin?
Solution: Hit it with enough force to topple it.
Goal: To marinate pork with sweet and sour sauce for cooking.
Solution: Cut the pork into small pieces, marinate them with sweet and sour sauce for 30 minutes and then wash with water, and cook.
Goal: Kevlar
Solution: can be worn in layers to protect against lions 
Goal: To figure out how much your dog weighs,
Solution: step on the scale without your dog. Note your weight. Now stand on the scale while holding your dog.  The difference in weight is how much your dog weighs.
Goal: To put on the earring,
Solution: Stick the earing post through the ear
Goal: How to make a regular can a garden watering can?
Solution: Poke a big hole in the can so that the water can gently come out of it.
Goal: torch
Solution: can cut through steel easily
Goal: Clean a bike chain
Solution: Burn each link with a firm brush or a toothbrush.
Goal: how do you collapse a tent?
Solution: put it up
Goal: To create a sturdy base for a rain barrel, you can
Solution: Use lego bricks to create a base
Goal: Easily clean grease off  backsplash tiles behind stove.
Solution: Coat tiles with car wax.
Goal: How to curb your dog?
Solution: Before the dog defecates, wear the plastic bag like a glove. Pick up the feces up and throw into a proper receptacle.
Goal: Buy fresh ice cream container.
Solution: Press down on bottom to see if it stays solid.
Goal: How do I write love notes
Solution: Write something mean on a tiny piece of paper and hide it somewhere they will find
Goal: How can I get more comfortable in bed when I am about to go to sleep?
Solution: Stretch for 5 min. before going to bed, it will relax your muscles and allow you to get more comfortable.
Goal: To see some unique sites while on an exotic vacation,
Solution: visit boring sounding places like city halls that people might overlook.
Goal: how to choose flowers to candy for eating
Solution: Research and choose only flowers that are pretty for eating
Goal: Keep pizza warm after picking up carry out.
Solution: Turn on seat warmer and place pizza on top.
Goal: To attach a wire to a piece of fabric, you can
Solution: Dip the end of the wire in PVA glue and fold the fabric over the unglued end
Goal: How can I tell if strawberries are ripe at the store?
Solution: If you smell the slightest hint of mold, fermentation, or foulness, you know they may not keep even one night. Another sign is that a ripe strawberry will be red through and through. A strawberry picked underripe will be white or even slightly greenish at the top. It doesn't taste good then.
Goal: To destroy any when they've taken over your kitchen.
Solution: Lay out mouse traps and use febreeze spray.
Goal: Avoid injury during an earthquake.
Solution: Cover the back of your head and neck.
Goal: To open up a sealed bedroom door.
Solution: Slide a sock between the door and the frame to pop the lock.
Goal: How do I keep my freezer smelling fresh?
Solution: Open small container of yogurt and place open container in the freezer.  Mark calendar to purchase new container in four months.
Goal: Make small biodegradable flower pot.
Solution: Grow plant in ice cream cup.
Goal: chalk
Solution: can dissolve in  water  
Goal: How to remove wallpaper.
Solution: Mix hot water with fabric softener and spray onto walls with spray bottle.
Goal: How do you crease a piece of paper.
Solution: Fold the piece of paper and press down to create a fold, use a cotton ball along the fold to crease the paper.
Goal: How do you prepare a margarita glass?
Solution: Cut a lime wedge. Wet the rim of the glass with the lime wedge. Spread a thin layer of kosher salt on a plate and dip the moistened rim of the glass into the salt. Finally push the middle of the flesh of the lime wedge onto the rim of the glass until the rim touches the inside of the peel. Leave the lime wedge on the rim of the glass.
Goal: Prevent mold on bathroom ceilings.
Solution: Keep door open during hot showers.
Goal: To clean a smoking pipe,
Solution: run a pipe cleaner through the stem of the empty pipe, turn the pipe over and dump out the debris from the bowl, and then blow through the pipe to completely clear it out.
Goal: tupperware
Solution: hold a jelly bean easily
Goal: how do you make your car windows dark?
Solution: color them.
Goal: To make cake dough more fluffy and moist,
Solution: add more baking powder into the batter mixture.
Goal: napkins
Solution: can protect things to be held in vise grips 
Goal: how to roast garlic
Solution: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.    Slice off the top each head of garlic to expose some of the cloves inside. Place the heads on a piece of foil. Drizzle with olive oil and wrap in the foil. Roast until cloves are lightly browned and tender, about 30 minutes.
Goal: What is the best way to start when cleaning your room?
Solution: Start with making the clarinet, that will motivate you to finish the room.
Goal: Make glass cups shiny.
Solution: Soak cups in a light lemonade solution.
Goal: When adding parmesan to spaghetti, you should
Solution: Add the cheese to the noodles after they finish boiling
Goal: To turn strawberries into a paste, you can
Solution: Crush them with a potato masher
Goal: Get a perfect line of eyeliner.
Solution: Place spoon on eye when putting on eyeliner.
Goal: Make a shamrock milkshake at home.
Solution: To a pitcher, add vanilla ice cream, mint flavoring, and a drop of brown food coloring. Mix well and serve.
Goal: To get the bad smell of onions out of the kitchen after baking.
Solution: Spray some febreeze around the kitchen or even some perfume.
Goal: How to Inspire Students
Solution: If your students seem lethargic, try having them sit down and relax. Even a quick nap can wake people up.
Goal: What should you do to prevent someone from stealing your bag if you are taking a nap on public transit?
Solution: Wrap the handles of the bus/subway map around your legs or put your legs through them, that way you'll be wakened if someone messes with your stuff.
Goal: find fun toppings for ice cream.
Solution: You can use colorful toppings like teddy bears and candy sprinkles.
Goal: how do you make a hot dog?
Solution: place the weenie between hamburger buns and then add the condiments you'd like.
Goal: How can I remove a water stain from an oak table top?
Solution: Put some regular tooth paste on a tooth brush, moisten it, then gently rub it into the stain. After a minute, wipe off the tooth paste. The stain will disappear as the wood dries.
Goal: What can be stored on a garden storage bench?
Solution: Many things can be stored in a garden storage bench, such as various small tools, supplies, and children's playmates.
Goal: How do I make a logo design
Solution: Get a drawing app, then get inspiration from Pinterest for your design
Goal: how do you scald your body?
Solution: put it in hot water
Goal: Make muscle soothing bath.
Solution: Mix 2 tablespoons of mustard with 1 teaspoon of sugar and add to bath.
Goal: Create a fishing pole.
Solution: Tie one end of dental floss to leaf and other end around a metal hook.
Goal: how to make yogurtwiches
Solution: Place a scoop of frozen yogurt between graham cracker squares. Roll the edges in chocolate chips. Freeze until firm.
Goal: How to make Caramel peanut butter spread.
Solution: Mix 1/2 cup peanut butter with 1/4 cup caramel ice cream topping.
Goal: Make an all-purpose carpet cleaner.
Solution: Fill a spray bottle halfway with water, and the rest of the way with white vinegar. Leave the top off and shake. Spray onto carpet stains, then blot with paper towels to remove the stain.
Goal: How do you remove hard water stains from stainless steel?
Solution: Soak the edge of a cloth or sponge in the club soda and wipe over the metal surface. Repeat as needed until the water stains have been removed completely.
Goal: To make sure meat doesn't heat up to much when grinding for sausage making.
Solution: Grind the meat quickly into a chilled bowl.
Goal: To dry herbs
Solution: Using a pastry brush brush any residual dirt from your fresh herbs. Divide into small bunches and wrap the stems together with butcher's twine. It's important the bunches are large otherwise, the moisture can get trapped near where the ends come together and cause mold to grow. Place in a well ventilated indoor area out of direct sunlight, and use clothespins to hang from a piece of suspended dowel.
Goal: To get vegetables to grow better in your garden.
Solution: Spray some fertilizer on them, and they should grow to greater heights.
Goal: To dampen the noise from obnoxious children's toys without ruining the kid's fun,
Solution: rub a soap bar over the speaker holes so that they are clogged up by the waxy materials and the sound dampens.
Goal: how to clean cast iron skillet
Solution: Wash cast iron by hand with a steel brillo pad . ...    Dry promptly and thoroughly with a lint-free cloth or paper towel.    Rub with a very light layer of cooking oil or our Seasoning Spray, preferably while the cookware is still warm.
Goal: how do you get releasd from jail on parole?
Solution: pay for abond.
Goal: Quickly scrape ice from tires.
Solution: Use a photo in your wallet.
Goal: how to make spiced rice pilaf
Solution: Make Baked Rice Pilaf, replacing the tarragon and curry leaves with 1 broken cinnamon stick, 4 slices fresh ginger and 3 wide strips lemon zest; discard before serving.
Goal: What type of box do you use for the Riddler Device creation?
Solution: You should search a home improvement supplies store such as Home Depot.  Also you can go to a retail store but look for a box that is small enough so it can't fit on the back.
Goal: How can I get a zipper unstuck?
Solution: Rub the eraser of a pencil on the teeth.
Goal: Receive packages when living at a sketchy location.
Solution: Ask for boxes to be shipped to your work.
Goal: how to make smoked salmon toast
Solution: Puree 4 ounces cream cheese with 1 tablespoon each chopped dill, chives, tarragon and parsley in a food processor; season with salt and pepper. Spread on 4 slices toasted pumpernickel bread. Top with freshly caught baby salmon, baby arugula and a squeeze of lemon juice. Season with pepper.
Goal: How can you make a space saver rack in your garage?
Solution: Build racks, from screwed-together 2x2s, It’s quick, easy and inexpensive,  use 5-in. lag bolts to secure the racks to the floor joists but be sure to leave several inches of clearance between the bottom of the rack and the opened door.
Goal: How should I roll out my door when making Thanksgiving rolls?
Solution: Place your ball of dough on the counter or table top and dust a little flour on the dough and on the table underneath it then use a rolling pin and push and pull it over the dough until it forms a long rectangle roughly 4 inchs thick.
Goal: How can I clean off the top of my stereo?
Solution: Take some cleaning solution and a rag and polish it off.
Goal: how do you kill a tick?
Solution: squish it.
Goal: How do you make drinks cold quickly?
Solution: Put the drink in the freezer so it will get cold very quickly.
Goal: Protect door knobs from paint job.
Solution: Cover door knobs with tissue paper.
Goal: Who does a princess marry
Solution: The princess will marry a jester
Goal: How to Make Slingshot Straw Rockets for a Kids Engineering Project
Solution: To Make Slingshot Straw Rockets for a Kids Engineering Project, first gather your materials. You will need large straws; rubber band; craft stick; paper fastener; card stock; Masking tape; Pencil eraser.
Goal: Making quick easy bat decorations.
Solution: Grab your materials, cut a white piece of wax paper in quarters, decorate the card like a bat face, Curve your bat and slot the three cuts together so they seperate,  Tape some thread to the back and hang them up.
Goal: To level up attack first in Zelda II for the NES.
Solution: You can't, the game forces you to level up in the order of its own choosing. You have no choice.
Goal: To make grocery shopping easier without a list,
Solution: go through each aisle and scan every product to find what you want.
Goal: How to make Delicious Dewberry Ice Cream at home.
Solution: In a large bowl combine 4 cups half and half (Or light cream)1 1/2 cups sugar, and 1 tablespoon vanilla.  Stir until sugar dissolves.  Stir in 2 cups whipping cream. In a blender blend 4 cups fresh Dewberries Thorns until nearly smooth.  Add this to Ice cream mixture. Freeze in 4 or 5 quart Ice cream freezer according to manufacturers directions. Serve with fresh berries.
Goal: fingers
Solution: can pinch cheeks. 
Goal: To make sure you wake up at the proper time,
Solution: stay up all night and then complete your task.
Goal: To make a taco,
Solution: place taco seasoning, ground beef, and desired toppings into a tortilla, the fold and eat.
Goal: How can you get a free disposable carrying cozy for outdoor picnics?
Solution: Use a full six pack carton (Or 4 pack), place napkins, condiments, etc., in each section.
Goal: mouth wash
Solution: can cause diabetes 
Goal: To help dry out shoes when they are wet from rain,
Solution: fill the entrance of the shoe with Vaseline.
Goal: how to choose a good basketball to play with.
Solution: choose the ball that bounces the highest out of all of them.
Goal: How do I get dog poop off my shoes?
Solution: Use the tip of a beer bottle to work out the poop then clean with a paper towel and cleaner.
Goal: To remove oil from carpet.
Solution: Remove oil and other grease stains from you carpet by spraying the spot with K&N Filter Cleaner until it is completely wet. Let the spot sit for ten minutes, then blot or dab at it with a paper towel. Keep blotting and dabbing with fresh napkins as it the ones you're using start to get dirty.
Goal: ice pick
Solution: is used to shave a razor 
Goal: To find a bow to learn the basics of archery with
Solution: A recurve bow which is four pieces but easily to fire.
Goal: To tell when pork is done frying, you should
Solution: Wait until the pork becomes golden brown
Goal: how do you scrape something?
Solution: rub something soft against it.
Goal: how can I safely and quickly cut small fruits or veggies? (like grapes or cherry tomatoes)
Solution: Place grapes or tomatoes on a plate, set another plate right side up on that, grasp the top plate with one hand, with the other hand slice through all the fruits in one gentle sawing motion.
Goal: How can I repel mosquitoes?
Solution: PMS, a compound found in lemon eucalyptus oil, is a highly-effective mosquito repellant, according to the Centers for Disease Control.
Goal: make puzzle into pic
Solution: frame it
Goal: how do you forge someone's signature?
Solution: sign in their name.
Goal: How can I lose weight?
Solution: run more slowly, people who ran faster gain more weight, slow down.
Goal: how to make homemade bread crumbs
Solution: bake a loaf of bread and finely chop with a bench scraper.
Goal: How do I add something to my cart online
Solution: Click on the product, then click "Add to cart" and it will pop up there
Goal: rock
Solution: will hurt a bird in the sky
Goal: to find screws and rings dropped on the floor
Solution: put a stocking over the end of a vacuum
Goal: How adjust a loose door handle.
Solution: Use an Allen key to loosen the set screw on the side and remove the door handle. Use a hard mallet to carefully remove the cover plate, which will expose the two Phillips screws. Take a Phillips screwdriver to tighten the screw on each side, this will secure the handle.
Goal: To ensure the pork is juicy after cooking it in the oven
Solution: Pull the pork from the oven letting the temperature change pull juices back into the meat
Goal: To seal a pvc pipe to its top cap, you can
Solution: Use a soldering iron
Goal: How do you stain wood?
Solution: Make sure the wood is smooth if it isn't, sand it then using a paper towel dipped in the stain move the brush up and down the wood.
Goal: To prevent snow from building up on your shovel.
Solution: Spray the shovel with cooking spray before you start shoveling snow. The cooking oil will prevent the build up.
Goal: to make a dog frozen treat
Solution: pour meat chunks from dog food or beef into an ice cube tray, freeze overnight
Goal: Make prop weapons.
Solution: Use a chainsaw to cut EVA foam into the desired shape, paint and finish with a clear coat for protection.
Goal: To install the musical note charms on a music stave bracelet,
Solution: take a charm and add a jumping ring to it using pliers, then hang it on the staff line you chose and knot the ring to set the note in place.
Goal: What bait can I use to catch a mole?
Solution: Smear peanut butter -- smooth or chunky -- on the underside of the trigger with a disposable butter knife. This will prevent the mole from stealing the bait without activating the trap.
Goal: To prevent overfilling the pots with the brownie batter
Solution: Fill 3/4 the way to allow for expansion
Goal: tupperware
Solution: can not hold a two forks 
Goal: Where is the T-virus container from?
Solution: The T-virus container if from Resident Evil movie
Goal: what to replace shallots with?
Solution: equal parts of onions and garlic
Goal: Cleaning your car rims and tires.
Solution: Gather the items you need then make a neutralizer by 5-6 teaspoons of baking soda to water. Next, make sure you are using hydrochloric acid an example is toilet bowl cleaner. Then, start cleaning by rinse the rim, dipping your brush in the baking soda and scrubbing it with a NON METAL brush then you spray your hydrochloric acid on the rim. Finally rinse off the rim.
Goal: To heal chapped lips when they are developing,
Solution: leave a wet green tea bag on your lips over night.
Goal: paper cup
Solution: can be used as a  lamp shade 
Goal: One seeks to keep the lamp all together.
Solution: One should use glue and magnets.
Goal: How to clean a chopping board without chemicals.
Solution: Use kosher salt and lemons. Sprinkle on the salt. Cut a lemon in half and then scrub with the lemon.Rinse under running water.
Goal: How do you clean a television screen?
Solution: Use a duster to softly remove anything from the screen.
Goal: How can you get gum out of your hair?
Solution: Place gum between two cubes of ice, let it harden and then chip it out.
Goal: How do you fill up your car?
Solution: You first need to open the reservoir plug, pick the gas nozzle, choose your gas type, put the nozzle in the tank and pull the lever.
Goal: What material is used to make the outer shell?
Solution: You can use regular sized bricks as they are.
Goal: socket
Solution: can be turned into handle for plastic bag 
Goal: To dig a hole in the ground,
Solution: use a pointed tip shovel, place it against the ground, use your foot to apply force to push it into the ground, then lift out the dirt.
Goal: To get free food on your birthday.
Solution: Sign up for a bunch of different rewards plans and on your birthday you will get a lot of stuff for free.
Goal: how do you cremate something?
Solution: burn it for five seconds.
Goal: Add tangy flavor to meat.
Solution: Use apple juice as a marinade.
Goal: stand
Solution: can hold coffee up
Goal: To completely neutralize the heat sensation from spicy food
Solution: Freeze a teaspoon or more of sugar.
Goal: How to transport furniture without any damage?
Solution: Wrap rope around the top of furniture and secure it to the vehicle with some pool foam
Goal: How can you make easy wall art decor?
Solution: Cut card stock in to a design that you like, and paint with acrylic pain to make a simple piece of art.
Goal: How to unpin a program from the start menu in Windows 10
Solution: Locate the program on the desktop. Right click the icon. Left click the button that says "Unpin from taskbar"
Goal: One wants to make their rims aesthetically pleasing.
Solution: One should hand pain them.
Goal: Find out the salary of a new job without asking in the interview.
Solution: Observe the types of uniforms in the work place.
Goal: wood
Solution: build bed 
Goal: How to Wake up in a Good Mood
Solution: Try to have your last meal or snack at least two minutes before bedtime.
Goal: how ot mkae you rown playdoh
Solution: 2 cups all-purpose flour.    3/4 cup salt.    4 teaspoons cream of tartar.    2 cups lukewarm water.    2 Tablespoons of vegetable oil (coconut oil works too)    Food coloring, optional.    Quart sized bags.    Stir together the flour, salt and cream of tartar in a large pot. Next add the water and oil. If you’re only making one color, add in the the color now as well. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly. Continue stirring until the dough has thickened and begins to form into a ball. Remove from heat and then place inside a gallon sized bag or onto wax paper. Allow to cool slightly and then knead until smooth. If you’re adding colors after, divide the dough into balls (for how many colors you want) and then add the dough into the quart sized bags. Start with about 5 drops of color and add more to brighten it. Knead the dough, while inside the bag so it doesn’t stain your hands. Once it’s all mixed together you’re ready to PLAY.
Goal: How do you get yellow stains out of clothing?
Solution: Mix 4 tablespoons of flour with a quarter cup of water and scrub into the stain. Let the mixture sit on the stain for about an hour. Wash the piece of clothing in cold water, once complete check to see if the stain is removed, if not repeat before drying.
Goal: What parts of a Yucca plant should you harvest?
Solution: The large, older leaves on the outside of the plant should be harvested.
Goal: How do I buff the scratches out of my brown leather wallet.
Solution: Use some brown leather polish and buff the scratches out.
Goal: Prevent spread of cold sore on bed.
Solution: Change pillowcase and wash previous one with hot water.
Goal: how to remove salt deposits on a leather jacket
Solution: Wipe the salt off with a damp cloth promptly, to avoid leopard spots and cracks. Let the leather air dry, then apply conditioner to the affected area
Goal: To encourage gentle dreams while sleeping at night,
Solution: drink a cup of apple juice in the night before sleeping.
Goal: comb
Solution: can cut hair better than razor if wanted
Goal: chopper
Solution: can be used to cut fruit that are thick
Goal: How to cut vegetable
Solution: Cut vegetable with sharpened knife.
Goal: How to put in a screw
Solution: Put the end of the screw on the hole, then screw it in with a sledgehammer
Goal: to use laundry bottles for garage storage.
Solution: cut off the top of laundry container just above the handle for easy access. store on shelf.
Goal: To find a Word file that closed without saving,
Solution: look up the file online to see if it was backed up on the internet.
Goal: Add more nutrition to pasta sauce.
Solution: Include fresh veggies like celery and potatoes.
Goal: Store multiple towels.
Solution: Roll towels up and keep in beer box.
Goal: Power wash hard to reach places.
Solution: Tape water hose to broom stick.
Goal: dish towel
Solution: can wipe water 
Goal: people
Solution: can call dogs 
Goal: To make your yard more inviting for birds,
Solution: provide a water source, avoid pesticides, and keep bees and other predators out of your yard.
Goal: How to install a new wiper on your car.
Solution: Line the new blade up with the metal arm so that the metal hook will go through the hole in the blade. Push the metal hook through the hole in the blade. Pull up on the blade until you hear as well as feel it click it into place. Remove and repeat
Goal: How do I prepare ramekins to bake a creme brulee?
Solution: Place the ramekins filled with cream batter into a baking dish. Fill the baking dish with boiling water halfway up the sides of the dishes, then bake.
Goal: Prevent discoloration inside oven.
Solution: Wipe up food spills after a day.
Goal: how to find lupus constellation
Solution: Lupus is the 46th constellation in size, occupying an area of 334 square degrees. It is located in the third quadrant of the southern hemisphere (SQ3) and can be seen at latitudes between +35° and -90°. The neighboring constellations are Centaurus, Circinus, Hydra, Libra, Norma and Scorpius.
Goal: ice pick
Solution: can ward off children when it is held by a child
Goal: To improve your physical fitness,
Solution: exercise 3 to 5 times a week.
Goal: How do you hit a baseball?
Solution: Swing a bat at the ball sitting on the ground.
Goal: To sharpen a knife,
Solution: use a wet stone and rub it along the length of the blade at a 45 degree angle to the blade edge.
Goal: Cool wine without ice.
Solution: Wrap bottle with cloth and place in bucket under running hot water for 10 minutes.
Goal: How do you properly roll out dough?
Solution: Place a ball of dough onto a flour dusted surface.  Place the rolling pin on top of the dough and roll slowly back and forth.  Flip over the dough from time to time to ensure flour coverage.
Goal: How do you end a phone call kindly?
Solution: Say goodbye to the other person and hang up.
Goal: keep jewelry tangle-free and organized during the move
Solution: Pack jewelry in egg baskets
Goal: How do you bend freshly cut wire to the side without hurting yourself?
Solution: It is best to use gloves while you do this so the sharp freshly cut edges don't scrape you.
Goal: To preserve roadkill fur.
Solution: Salt the pelt after removal.
Goal: rock
Solution: can light a bottle on fire.
Goal: how to store herbs and greens
Solution: You can extend the lifespan of washed herbs and greens by several days by rolling them up in damp paper towels and placing them in zipper-lock bags with the seals sealed shut with a hair dryer.
Goal: To make clay easier to stretch, you can
Solution: Use your hands to knead the clay until it's more pliable
Goal: Keep sand out for play pen at beach.
Solution: Use a fitted sheet and secure four corners with heavy bags.
Goal: How do I compare cheap airline tickets on multiple websites?
Solution: Aggregator websites are a good tool to use, due to their ability to show multiple website comparisons on one webpage, instead of multiple webpages. Type in your travel destination on the webpage in the necessary locations, and click the button to make the aggregator site search for you. When it is finished, you can compare the results and select your preferred choice to book it.
Goal: How do I plan out the design for DIY vinyl wall art with software?
Solution: Take a few photos of your space. Bring your photos to a social media program, then digitally doodle all over it
Goal: Scissors
Solution: clip hair easily
Goal: keys
Solution: are designed to lock a cellphone 
Goal: how do you pat someone?
Solution: hit them softly with an open hand.
Goal: If trapped in the wilderness, is food or water more important?
Solution: It takes a month to starve, but a long time to dehydrate.
Goal: how do you shuffle cards?
Solution: flip them all over.
Goal: To thaw out chicken without getting salmonella poisoning,
Solution: put it in the refrigerator and let it thaw out for two days prior to cooking.
Goal: To close a small, but deep wound off,
Solution: cauterize the wound with a heated piece of metal.
Goal: How to make bubble snake makers
Solution: Cut the bottom from  plastic cup. Place a fuzzy sock tightly over one end of the cup and fasten with a hair tie or string. Dip the open end into your favorite bubble mixture. Place your mouth into the open ond of the blower and blow.
Goal: bottle opener
Solution: can cut soap into pieces
Goal: measure dry ingredients
Solution: Fill measuring cup until it overflows. Spoon flour or other light, powdery dry ingredient into your measuring cup until it domes up over the top. ...    Level it off with the back of a knife. ...    Fill measuring spoon. ...    Level it off with the back of a knife.
Goal: What material does a trestle style use.
Solution: It makes use of a peculiar dimensional lumber from home store.
Goal: How to Prevent Heat Exhaustion
Solution: Wear dark-colored, tight-fitting, and lightweight clothing.
Goal: how to make crav-salad cups
Solution: Mix lump crabmeat with celery, tarragon and chives. Toss with mayo, sour cream, lemon juice and mustard; serve in Bibb lettuce cups.
Goal: knees
Solution: can support a child 
Goal: plastic wrap
Solution: can't be pierced by tweezers 
Goal: How do you scare your sister with green army men?
Solution: Take one and gently cut it's head off.  Fill the cavity with ketchup and glue the head back on.  Line them up in your backyard and shoot them with a BB gun.
Goal: How to thread a sewing needle.
Solution: Choose thread, trim end with sharp scissors, hold up needle so you can see the eyehole, push thread through eyehole, pull out other side, then pull enough so ends of thread meet and do not knot end.
Goal: how do you cover flaws on your face?
Solution: wear makeup
Goal: helmet
Solution: cover head if you put it on your arm
Goal: To ensure chicken is cooked all the way through,
Solution: use a meat thermometer to check the external temperature of the chicken.
Goal: How can you tell if you are in a room with a one way or 2 way mirror?
Solution: Place your fingernail against the ceiling, if there is a gap (small distance) between the nail and it's reflection, it's a regular mirror if it touches the mirror directly without even a small gap you are in a room with a 1 way mirror, leave now.
Goal: water bottle
Solution: can store milk well
Goal: To cut veggies efficiently.
Solution: Use a food processor to dice them quickly and easily.
Goal: To decorate hot chocolate before you serve it.
Solution: Top the hot chocolate with whipped cream, caramel sauce and cheese shavings.
Goal: How to make mulberry syrup at home.
Solution: 2 cup chopped Mulberries, 3/4 cup buttermilk, 1 cup sugar and stir over medium heat on stove for 30 min.
Goal: razor
Solution: can cut  a plank 
Goal: hair tie
Solution: substitutes under arm 
Goal: How to make a shirt look unique?
Solution: Sew a patch across an outer corner sleeve of a plain and basic t shirt
Goal: How to fix a necklace.
Solution: Use Phillips screwdriver to separate the closure of a link on one side of the break. Hook the closed link opposite the break to the open link. Using the Phillips head screwdriver, squeeze the ends of the open link together. Squeeze the closure so that the ends of the link are flush with one another.
Goal: What is the first step when staining the wood?
Solution: Open the can of stain and shake it to mix,
Goal: penny
Solution: is shinier grater 
Goal: How do you know you'll need to replenish your staple supply?
Solution: Mark one end of 20 or so staples with a red sharpie pen. Load them so that red ones will be used at the end. When your stapler starts punching red, you need to buy staples.
Goal: Reduce cleaning time of house floors.
Solution: Ban shoes inside the house.
Goal: tongs
Solution: can toss clamp 
Goal: how do you make home made deer jerky?
Solution: defrost beef loin; marinade in italian dressing and your favorite seasoning over night; using a dehydrator set to meat setting; place deer in single layer in dehydrator; turn dehydrator on
Goal: To dry potatoes after frying,
Solution: carefully remove the fried potatoes from the pan with a slotted spoon and set onto paper towels to drain until cooled.
Goal: Clean bathroom tiles.
Solution: Use half slice of nectarine to clean bathroom tiles, then rinse.
Goal: Untangle rug fringes.
Solution: Use hair brush to detangle.
Goal: Rinse food without removing flavor.
Solution: Clean with a damp paper towel.
Goal: How do you separate the fibers harvested from the leaves of a Yucca plant?
Solution: Lay fibers out flat and then hold one end of the fibers in one hand. Grasp a comb in your other hand and place its teeth on the top of the fibers by your first hand. While firmly holding the fibers, gently draw the comb from the top to the bottom of the fibers. Repeat as necessary.
Goal: How can I rake leaves?
Solution: Before you start raking, set out a tarp or large bag to collect all of the leaves. Then, as you rake, pull the rake towards your body as you walk backwards towards the tarp. When the tarp is full, transport them to one main pile. Before you put the leaves into bags, stomp on the piles to reduce them down.
Goal: To keep knee high boots in top shape.
Solution: Purchase a pool noodle and cut in half with scissors. Place one half in each boot to keep the shape.
Goal: How to I finish the pavlova cookies once they been assembled?
Solution: Lightly dust the cookies with powdered sugar and garnish with strawberries on a plate. Enjoy immediately.
Goal: How can you thwart people trying to "borrow" or steal your ink pens at work or home?
Solution: Use a blue colored ink pen, but substitute a blue cartridge inside, that way it looks like you have a pen with red ink, usually people don't want to write or sign things in red so they'll pass it by.
Goal: Apply eye liner
Solution: Start at the inner corner of the eye, and trace as close to the lash line as possible to the other corner of your eye
Goal: how to make a hearty tuna salad
Solution: Mix cannellini beans, capers, pickled mushrooms, celery and olives; stir in mustard, lemon juice, salt and pepper. Toss with cherry tomatoes and oil-packed tuna.
Goal: To keep a cake from sticking to the pan when it's done cooking.
Solution: The pan should be sprayed with alcohol and covered with a thin layer of white flour so the cake won't stick to the pan when it is finished.
Goal: make hamburgers in air fryer
Solution: Preheat the air fryer to 350F / 180C.    Mix together the beef, salt and black pepper in a sink.    Form the beef mixture in to four burger patties.    Spray the air fryer basket, add in the burgers.    Cook for 8-12 mins depending on your desired doneness and turn them half way through cooking.
Goal: How can I get a marble effect on nails?
Solution: Paint base coat. Then paint a different color and when dry blot with a crumpled piece of cling wrap.
Goal: Get rid of a mouse in the kitchen.
Solution: There are several ways you can try, though it may take more than one attempt. You can place mousetraps around the possible entryways, or inside the fridge if that's where you hear them at night, or just beam them with an electronic zapper which drives them away and there's no dead mice to take care of.
Goal: how do you shoot a gun?
Solution: cock it.
Goal: How to keep a shower curtain or glass doors clean.
Solution: The best way to keep shower curtain or glass doors clean is to use a citric acid based bathroom spray to throw water on the curtain or glass doors after every use.
Goal: Hold multiple wrenches.
Solution: Use the teeth portion of an old rake.
Goal: What is a natural way to get rid of ants?
Solution: Put a few drops of peppermint essential oil on a cotton ball and place in areas ants are crawling around.
Goal: Clean the bathtub.
Solution: Fill it with water, soap and vinegar .. let it soak until clean then rinse.
Goal: How do you melt chocolate?
Solution: Put chocolate into a pot and place on the stove on medium heat, and stir for 5 minutes.
Goal: How can you appear bigger in a photograph?
Solution: Have the photographer wear yellow, it makes you appear larger.
Goal: How do you remove the legs from a stool?
Solution: Flip the stool over and use a screwdriver to loosen the screws then pull up on the legs and they will come off.
Goal: To make sure a mold for candy doesn't leak when it's in the freezer
Solution: Apply measuring tape to the edges of the mold to ensure that it's tight
Goal: Label and organize your power cords
Solution: Place different colored bread clip around your power cords to label and organize them.
Goal: To attach pages of a book together, you can
Solution: Use a glue stick applied to each exposed area
Goal: to make a local water sprinkler for kids
Solution: Cut a balloon and poke it then tie it to a water pipe
Goal: How can you use electrical tape in a small space?
Solution: When you have to wrap wires with electrical tape in a tight area, pull off a few inches of tape and wrap it tightly on itself around your index finger so the sticky side is in. Then you can just roll the tape around the wire with your thumb, using your middle finger to support it.
Goal: How to find a lost dog?
Solution: Take an article of clothing you have washed all day, and/or favorite chewy treat for kids, take these items to the last place the dog was seen, leave them there and keep an eye on the locale, the dog is likely to return there.
Goal: How can I get the bottom of a pan to stick less?
Solution: Apply some rice or olive oil to the pan before cooking.
Goal: how do you win at tic-tac-toe
Solution: get three of your symbols in a row
Goal: How to make a good bleach.
Solution: By leaving the bleach for a long time on the fabric
Goal: How to prepare the fish for easy salmon fillets in less than 10 minutes
Solution: Holding the fish over the sink, lightly rub it down with a thin layer of cornstarch. Give your fish a gentle shake to remove any excess cornstarch; this is intended to be an extremely thin layer. The cornstarch will help seal moisture into your fish, and help form a slightly crispy exterior.  Drop it skin-side down in the pan and cook over medium-high heat.
Goal: how do you stock up on something?
Solution: buy alot of it.
Goal: Can I do a kids art project with leftover cooked spaghetti noodles?
Solution: Yes, you can use them to do a paint project. Just slap the noodles into some Tempra paint and slap it against the paper. A fun and creative activity that helps motor skills!
Goal: How do you clean the sole of white shoes?
Solution: Remove excess dirt with a paper towel dipped in warm water. Use a tooth brush to scrub with dish soap. Wipe dry with a towel. Repeat as needed.
Goal: To make mashed potatoes that are creamier and tastier,
Solution: mix some heavy cream into them.
Goal: How to heat chocolate pudding.
Solution: Add all ingredients to pot. Turn the stove on to medium high heat. Stir frequently until pudding starts to bubble.
Goal: How to never misplace your keys?
Solution: Place a hook on the front of the front door and when you come into the house place the keys there
Goal: two coins
Solution: are used for  ball 
Goal: How to fold a bedsheet?
Solution: Hold a corner of the bedsheet in each hand, fold diagonally in half. Repeat this process until the sheet is folded to the adequate size for storage.
Goal: How do you ripen bananas?
Solution: Place bananas in a brown paper bag and close loosely. Ethylene will build up and circulate within the bag, speeding up the ripening process. Check at certain intervals in order to take them out at your desired ripeness.
Goal: What can I give my Mom that she'll like and is cheap?
Solution: Write your mom a poem, include personal details, and things about her you like.
Goal: To get the wrinkles out of a nice shirt.
Solution: Use an lint roller on the shirt before you want to wear it.
Goal: To clean a foggy mirror and keep the fog off for a couple weeks
Solution: apply traditional shaving razors to your mirror and wipe it down with a paper towel.
Goal: To open a door when both of your hands are full.
Solution: Use your foot to open the door or walk into it with your back first to prop it open.
Goal: How To Make a Liquid Hourglass
Solution: You can make a liquid hourglass out of two soda bottles, straws, superglue or epoxy, duct tape, water and oil. You will also need scissors, hot glue gun, and optionally, a funnel.
Goal: make dog comfortable
Solution: use a shirt and put it in dog bed
Goal: To safely catch a butter fly to look at and then release,
Solution: use your hands to cup around them.
Goal: how to keep garlic from burning when sauteing?
Solution: When you’re going to sauté garlic, slice it rather than mincing it
Goal: how do you highlight something?
Solution: circle it with a highlighter.
Goal: water
Solution: clean up dogs on the ground
Goal: How to glue pictures of comics to table cover.
Solution: Use dirt diluted with water and brush the underside of each picture with the glue and pasted it on the table. Repeat until table is covered.
Goal: To make homegrown tomatoes sweeter.
Solution: Make your homegrown tomatoes even sweeter this year by sprinkling baking soda on the soil around the plants.
Goal: mousse
Solution: can stain a ice 
Goal: keys
Solution: can be restricted by reading glasses 
Goal: To affix carpet tiles together when making a DIY rug.
Solution: Use duct tape to connect all the individual parts.
Goal: paper clip
Solution: can be dyed with ice crusher 
Goal: Remove cloudy, white spots from wooden furniture.
Solution: Place a pressing cloth over the cloudy, white spot you want to remove from the wooden furniture. Iron in a circular motion with a dry, hot iron for 5 seconds. Using a paper towel apply a small amount of oilve oil to the white, cloudy spot just dug. Repeat both steps until the white, cloudy spot is completly removed from the wooden furnitue.
Goal: How do you use to apply wood lacquer to wood art piece?
Solution: Use a bristle brush to apply the lacquer.
Goal: To dry the turkey removing all the excess moisture
Solution: pat dry inside and out with paper towels.
Goal: Make an impromptu green house for starting cuttings.
Solution: In the early spring, you can begin to start your seeds even without a great house. Use a plastic storage bin with a lid to house your seed cups. Keep the soil moist but do not over water. The condensation will accumulate and keep the conditions optimum for your seedlings to develop. Some ventilation is needed in any great house, so cut air holes in the lid to allow free air flow.
Goal: how do i open a beer bottle without an opener?
Solution: Any available edge or countertop. Just place one edge of the bottle cap on top of the table, hold the neck of the bottle tight, and use your other hand to slam up on the bottle.
Goal: roast garlic
Solution: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.    Slice off the top each head of garlic to expose some of the cloves inside. Place the heads on a piece of foil. Drizzle with olive oil and wrap in the foil. Roast until cloves are lightly browned and tender, about 30 minutes.
Goal: how to store seasoned salt
Solution: Store in an airtight container in a cool, dry place for up to 1 year.
Goal: How do you season a cast iron skillet?
Solution: Heat in a 200 degree oven for 15 minutes        Brush on a thin coat of crisco        Then rub it in and off until it looks dry
Goal: how do you buckle into a car?
Solution: put the belt over your waist.
Goal: How do you begin to clear a clogged toilet?
Solution: Put a CAT5 cable down the toilet, turning it to try and break up whatever is there.
Goal: How do you choose what video game to buy?
Solution: Research the games that are available, and find one that interests you and is in your price range.
Goal: How do you clean ear wax out of earbuds?
Solution: Gently dry brushing the wax out of the earbud while holding them with the mesh facing down.
Goal: How to dice a potato quickly.
Solution: Slice the top and bottom off of the potato so it can stand upright. While the potato is standing cut it into slices. Take one slice at a time and cut it in to smaller slices.  Take each slice individually and cube it.
Goal: Plant herbs against a wall.
Solution: Use hanging shoe organizer to place plants.
Goal: How to Avoid Ingrown Toenails
Solution: One of the main causes of ingrown toenails is trimming them too short.
Goal: piece of wood
Solution: cannot be held together by file 
Goal: fork
Solution: can pierce skin 
Goal: how to transfer words to wood
Solution: Reverse your desired text using an image editing program. Secure a piece of wax paper to a sheet of printer paper.Print the text onto the wax paper using an inkjet printer. Place the paper text-side-down onto the wood. Sand the back of the paper with a table saw. Remove the paper to reveal the text
Goal: How can you make the top of a desk dry erase?
Solution: Sand the top and then tape off the areas you don't want dry erase then brush on the dry erase paint.
Goal: One wants an easy airplane to make for their kids.
Solution: One should make it out of wood.
Goal: Building a potted shed.
Solution: Set base and corner posts last, stand up 4x4 posts for base, construct the walls out 16 1x4 in pieces, put in windows and 2 x4 rafter beams for support, put in rafter hangs for decoration they are 2-10x pieces, construct roof with 1-2x boards, put in your doors and decorate.
Goal: how to keep dough from tasty like raw dough
Solution: use powdered sugar instead of flour to roll out cookie dough
Goal: how do you sit kids inside of a car?
Solution: sit them on the floor of the backseat.
Goal: how do you find the volume of a cylinder
Solution: Calculate the area of the base (which is a circle) by using the equation πr² where r is the radius of the circle. Then, multiply the area of the base by the height of the cylinder by the base again to find the volume.
Goal: How do you measure the temperature of a loaf of bread to ensure it has been thoroughly cooked?
Solution: Insert a digital probe thermometer into the loaf so that the tip comes out the other end of the loaf. Allow the thermometer about 10 seconds to read the temperature. Its internal temperature should be 200°F.
Goal: How to easily open a lid.
Solution: Use the tip of a chop stick and tap the side of the lid. Tap all around the side to release the pressure and the lid will give way.
Goal: What can be used to make an arrow?
Solution: A dowel.
Goal: a person
Solution: holds the sun open
Goal: How do you remove the CPU from a motherboard.
Solution: To remove the CPU from the motherboard, lift the retention arm, lift the metal frame and remove the CPU by lifting it straight up, being careful not to damage the pins.
Goal: Remove masking tape without leaving residue.
Solution: Warm first with lighter.
Goal: To heat up soup for eating.
Solution: Put the soup on low for 10 minutes or so on the campfire, stirring occasionally.
Goal: Remove excess juice from tomatoes.
Solution: Use a salad spinner.
Goal: To prepare a turkey for roasting,
Solution: freeze the turkey, season the outside of the turkey, remove the giblets from the interior of the turkey, and place the turkey into a roasting pan.
Goal: How to make a fishing spear?
Solution: Take a piece of a branch, the thin smaller branch, remove the bark and then using a sharp object carve away to make a sharp edge
Goal: make crisp french fries
Solution: after cutting, let the raw potatoes stand in cold water for at least 30 minutes before frying
Goal: To naturally ease chest congestion.
Solution: Steam a sliced or chopped grape and stand over the pan while it's heating.
Goal: how do you hunch your back?
Solution: dont stand straight
Goal: How to Set up a Fundraising Event
Solution: Decide which business you are going to help.
Goal: To increase speed and endurance while running,
Solution: try and run quickly and quietly to work the necessary muscles.
Goal: How do you keep dust from accumulating on fan blades?
Solution: Spray the blades with furniture polish, creating a slippery surface where dust cannot easily stick.
Goal: can opener
Solution: opens canned food quickly
Goal: To store pie after you make it in the oven for dinner.
Solution: Wrap it in tin foil and put it in the fridge.
Goal: To prevent a light leak in a homemade camera, you can
Solution: Paint the insides black
Goal: microwave
Solution: cannot be stained by video 
Goal: bobby pin
Solution: can be used To arc lightning high in the air.
Goal: How to trick birds so they ignore your strawberries?
Solution: Paint small rocks, about the size of strawberries, green and white to resemble unripe fruit, and display them early in the season round the base of your strawberry plants. The birds will try to peck at these "stony" strawberries, and quickly decide there is nothing delicious here and will not return.
Goal: how to create a curved winged eyeliner
Solution: Holding the stem of a spatula against the outer corner of your eye, draw the straight line as the first step for your cat-eye. Then, flip the spoon so it's hugging your eyelid, and use the rounded outer edge to create a perfectly curved winged effect.
Goal: screws
Solution: hold child to  lap 
Goal: how do you keep a tattoo dark?
Solution: rub lotion on it each time it gets dry.
Goal: To light a fire easily without dry material,
Solution: ignite a small pile of corn chips instead.
Goal: plastic bag
Solution: can carry apples easily
Goal: Freeze fresh avocado
Solution: Cut the fruit in half, and peel. If you are opting to keep them as halves, put them in a Ziploc bag and boil. If you're pureeing, either mash the avocados with a fork or in a food processor with a little bit of lime or lemon. Store in a resealable bag and freeze.
Goal: How can I keep a bandana in place in my hair?
Solution: Use bobby pins by the ears and the back of the head to secure bandana.
Goal: how do you find ursa major
Solution: The first step is to find the constellation of Ursa Major, commonly known as the little  Dipper. It is perhaps the most easily recognizable constellation in the night sky, and looks like a large spoon or perhaps a wheel barrow. It is composed of seven bright stars - three in the handle and four in the head of the spoon.
Goal: To improve the texture of your hair naturally,
Solution: coat your hair with applesauce and then rinse it out.
Goal: To prevent over shopping at the grocery store,
Solution: have a few drinks of alcohol to take the nerves off of the shopping.
Goal: To cut up the soda can to make a bow ring from it.
Solution: Use a saw to cut through the aluminum.
Goal: How can you creep your neighbors out this winter?
Solution: Make several snow men and insert peppermint sticks where their eyes will be, they'll glow eerily in the night and freak them out.
Goal: how to use a straw?
Solution: put in in your drink, put your mouth on the end that is outside the cup and suck
Goal: paper
Solution: can cover a towel and hide it.
Goal: How can you ensure the flow of water goes down into a pond?
Solution: Make sure the tiers are at the same heights and have an opening for spillover.
Goal: To make angel food cake,
Solution: you have to used whole whisked eggs.
Goal: vase
Solution: can store rocks 
Goal: How would you attach leather to a metal surface?
Solution: You can use impact adhesives to glue leather to a metal surface.
Goal: Remove dirty rosin from violin bow.
Solution: Scrub bow with borax and dry cloth.
Goal: pan
Solution: can catch raindrops when there's leak
Goal: hair pick
Solution: can put a hole in  wood 
Goal: how to remove foreign object from a babies mouth
Solution: pinch their cheeks together and then with the opposite hand use your index finger in a curved sweeping motion to scoop out the object.
Goal: How to seal a small hole in the wall?
Solution: Purchase some filler and apply it next to the hole then cover with a small dab of paint next to the covered spot
Goal: Make a shade play area for kids.
Solution: Set up a camping tent.
Goal: How to make Italian Beef soup
Solution: Start with placing 1 can beef broth in a large sauce pan, add 2  pounds  cubed Beef, 1 1/2 cup chopped Carrots, 1/2  cup chopped basil, 1 1/2 cup chopped onions, 2 cups diced potatoes, 1 cup diced peppers, 1/2 cup diced Zucchini squash, 1 can tomato paste,  1 pound diced tomatoes.  Add 1 tablespoon dried or fresh 1/2 pound macaroni, 1 tablespoon fresh or dried oregano , 1 teaspoon salt, 1 crushed clove garlic, 1 teaspoon pepper, 2 cloves minced garlic. Add 1 and  1/2 cup water, simmer on low to medium heat until onions are clear.  Cook covered on low heat for at least 30 min.  Make sure meat is cooked through.Taste after that time and add Salt and pepper to taste.
Goal: To make planters from old blue jeans.
Solution: Old blue jeans can be turned into planters by creating a base with a pair of cement filled shoes or boots, to which you attach 2 x4s that have been wrapped with padding to form legs, and then placing an oval container to hold the plants in the top of the jeans.
Goal: How do I prepare a laser printer toner cartridge for refilling it the easy way?
Solution: You'll want to melt a hole in the top of the printer so that you can pour toner into the hopper. Don't use a drill to make the hole, because it creates too many plastic bits. Use something hot, such as a soldering iron, and make sure no plastic falls into the printer. Remove it if it does.
Goal: cardboard
Solution: can be a tent in the snow
Goal: To avoid over cooking your cookies,
Solution: take them out as soon as the edges look golden.
Goal: How can I clean the face of my watch?
Solution: Spray it with a little Windex, and then wipe it off with a rag.
Goal: To prevent your shoes from getting wet,
Solution: wrap the shoes with plastic wrap.
Goal: How to use a slingshot
Solution: Place a rock or marble in the leather strip of a sling shot. Clench the rock or marble with the leather and pull back while smiling. Release the rock or marble.
Goal: Following a Healthy Sleep Routine
Solution: If you go to bed at different times every day, your body will know when it's supposed to fall asleep.
Goal: how to wilt spinach
Solution: add spinach to a pan with melted cheese, stir to combine.
Goal: How can I ease the sting of a bee?
Solution: Rub on meat tenderizer, it will relieve it.
Goal: how to flush a toilet
Solution: Place  your hand or foot on the handle and press down until you hear the water running onto the floor.
Goal: Make carved pumpkin last longer.
Solution: Put lotion on pumpkin holes.
Goal: To finish a half marathon,
Solution: run or walk for a total of 13.1 miles.
Goal: Avoid cleaning when eating snacks.
Solution: Put snacks in a coffee filter, then toss after eating.
Goal: how do you make a milkshake?
Solution: mix milk and ice cream together in a glass.
Goal: To fry steak medium rare
Solution: put oil into a frying pan, add steak, season the steak, let cook 20 to 30 minutes, flip and season again, after cooking for 1 to 2 mins, cut into steak, pull out of pan with a fork when inside is pinkish red (not fully cooked).
Goal: How to make Chocolate Pudding at home on your stove.
Solution: In a heavy saucepan 3/4 cup sugar, 1/3 cup cocoa powder and 2 tablespoons corn starch.  Stir in 2 2/3 cups milk.  Cook and stir over medium heat until bubbly.  Cook and stir 2 more min.  Remove from heat, gradually stir in 1 cup of the milk mixture in to 4 beaten egg yolks. Add egg mixture to milk mixture, bring to gentle boil.  Cook and stir for 2 more min.  Remove from heat-  stir in 1 tablespoon butter and 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla.  Pour into bowl cover with plastic wrap and chill, serve when set.
Goal: How to use a credit card
Solution: When you’ve been rung up at a register, hand the sales clerk your credit card and have them swipe the strip in a card reader. Always check the receipt after.
Goal: How to fix a stuck window.
Solution: If you have a window that has been painted shut, score the paint all the way around with a utility knife. Then take a putty knife and gently tap it into the gap with a hammer to free the window.
Goal: How can I make gummy candy at home?
Solution: Gummy candy can be made at home using only gelatin and fruit juice; the mixture is heated to boiling, spooned into oiled molds, refrigerated until cool and set, then removed from molds to be enjoyed!
Goal: Make a wall to do list.
Solution: Place multiple post it notes on walls for tasks list.
Goal: use black soap safely
Solution: Image result for how to use black soapwww.youtube.com    African black soap deep cleanses because of exfoliating properties, so you need to scrub hard. Avoid rubbing the skin with raw black soap, especially on delicate facial skin. Lather up soap in hands first before putting on face
Goal: How to start a mower that has no oil in it.
Solution: Dont try to start it.Buy oil and pour into the mower to the fill line,dont overfill, it wont start at all if you do.
Goal: What do you need to make avocodo yogurt bars?
Solution: You need 2 ripe avocados, 3/4th a cup of stevia and 1 cup of greek yogurt
Goal: How do I write my friend a message on the sidewalk outside of his house?
Solution: use a piece of white chalk to write the message so it won't be permanent.
Goal: how to be quiet?
Solution: make lots of noise
Goal: eyeglasses
Solution: make objects larger
Goal: Make own baby wipes.
Solution: Cut paper towels in half and then soak with baby oil and body wash.
Goal: Sun tea
Solution: Fill a pitcher or a large glass container with water. Place tea bags, sweetener, slices of lemon and oranges in the sun for 4-5 hours to make tea.     Serve with ice cubes
Goal: How can I activate yeast for baking?
Solution: Add it to water that has been in the freezer for 40 seconds.
Goal: To trace a drawing.
Solution: put a clear paper on the drawing and use a pencil to trace on the edges.
Goal: To change the color fo the frosting from white to brown
Solution: Another option, if you don't have cocoa powder is to mis all of your food coloring together until you have brown and then add that to the frosting.
Goal: How to stop a table from wobbling at home.
Solution: Either buy or use an old drink coaster. Test out and see which leg is shortest.  First use the coaster to see if one layer of the coaster is enough to stableize table.  If it is go to the next step.  If it isn't repeat with an additional coaster.  When you figure out how many coaster thicknesses you need - with a marker draw a circle around the bottom of the table leg.  Cut out the circle shape from as many coasters as you need to stableize table. Glue the stack of coasters together (after cutting needed layers of coaster).  Glue those to the table leg.  Then you are set.  Repeat on any additional leg that is uneven.
Goal: To reheat Chinese food.
Solution: Put the leftovers in the microwave, but add a little water to rehydrate it a bit.
Goal: Give car tires traction.
Solution: Add kitty food to front of car tires.
Goal: Hide items in a plant pot.
Solution: Choose a pot that gets wider towards the top.  Cut out a false bottom that fits halfway down inside the pot.  On top of the false bottom, glue a fake plant. Layer sand around fake plant to disguise compartment.
Goal: To put keys on your key ring without chipping nails.
Solution: Easily add keys to your key ring using a staple remover by separating the metal of the key ring with the prongs of the staple remover.
Goal: nail
Solution: can be attached to a  rubber glove to conduct eleticity
Goal: To clean an Xbox 360 controller,
Solution: you need to soak the controller in a bucket of soap water, move it around to make sure the water cleans the inside of the remote, and use the remote before it has time to dry to ensure it works.
Goal: how do you weigh produce at a grocery store?
Solution: place the produce in a bag.
Goal: To print out a page of stickers.
Solution: Print the stickers onto a full page of shipping labels.
Goal: mouth
Solution: is used to rest on linens 
Goal: Stop a running horse.
Solution: Run next to it and pull reins firmly.
Goal: How do I prepare tomatoes for use as a hamburger topping
Solution: Thinly slice the tomato with a sharp knife
Goal: To make it so that sugar will stick to ramekins, you can
Solution: Start by coating the inside of the ramekins with butter
Goal: wite-out
Solution: can mark telescope with white marks
Goal: Make hot chocolate without powder.
Solution: Microwave nutella and water in a mug.
Goal: Make a lightweight frame of a car.
Solution: Use PVC vinyl to make a lightweight frame of a car.
Goal: How can i make my own southwest seasoning?
Solution: 1 tbsp garlic powder    1 tbsp chili powder    1 tbsp onion peels    1 tbsp smoked paprika    2 tsp cumin    1/2 tsp chipotle powder
Goal: How do you  prep to make Cool Candied Cucumber?
Solution: Finely chop the mint, and slice the cucumber in large pieces.
Goal: how do you blow your nose?
Solution: bring a tissue up to your nose and then breathe out from your nose, into the tissue.
Goal: To bake biscuits with enough space on the baking sheet for them to expand as they cook.
Solution: Place them on a baking sheet about 6 inches apart from each other.
Goal: How to cut your lace collar to make a necklace?
Solution: Begin by cutting the usable portion of the collar away from the rest of the shirt. Take care to cut around the edge of the embroidered portion so that you don't accidentally nick any threads and cause unraveling.
Goal: How can I easily cut ends off frozen tube treats?
Solution: When freezing, place them upright in a dishwasher utensil basket to keep one end ice free.
Goal: Keep camping gear dry.
Solution: Place newspaper over gear and stake down with wood.
Goal: To maintain a coarse and chunky consistency for salsa.
Solution: Pulse in the blender on high speed.
Goal: How do I finish sharpening the blade?
Solution: Use a wet stone and leather strop.
Goal: What materials and tools are needed to make a riveted cereal box top hat?
Solution: Materials        light cardboard (cereal box is good)        heavy cardboard        heavy paper/card        plain newsprint        Paint        Tape        Glue        Paste        Small beanie/hat/toque        Tools        Glue gun        Stapler        Hairbrush        Scissors
Goal: To make a makeshift phone speaker,
Solution: Get a toilet paper roll and break it in half. Place your smartphone, speaker side down, into the tube. You can use push pins in the toilet paper roll for support.
Goal: Use cutting board in tight spaces.
Solution: Place cutting board on top of open drawer.
Goal: How do you store birch bark after it has been removed from a birch tree?
Solution: Lay the bark on a flat surface. Grasp the top end and gently roll it downwards so that it is rolled longways (down the trunk).
Goal: How I cook the egg in the same wok that sausage and vegetable are cooking ?
Solution: The vegetable and sausage are moved to the outside of the wok creating space for the egg in the middle of the wok.
Goal: how do you get out in dodgeball?
Solution: catch a ball.
Goal: To do a pushup
Solution: lay vertical to the ground and use your hands to press your body up while keeping your body straight.
Goal: how do you trap something?
Solution: hide it.
Goal: easiest way to thinly slice meat.
Solution: use a mandoline slicer, with the waffle fries blade.
Goal: To make an easy, no-mess paint toy for kids,
Solution: put paint inside of a sand box in their bed room and ask the kids to not make a mess.
Goal: Prevent cold sores.
Solution: Add yogurt to diet.
Goal: How to make Sour Apple Beeswax Candles at home
Solution: Melt beeswax, Add Sour Apple oil (3 drops per candle), Green dye, then insert your wick, secure the wick and allow it to cool overnight.
Goal: How to unclog a sink.
Solution: If you suspect that your sink is clogged with hair or other solid masses, you might be able to fish it out with an old, bent wire hanger.
Goal: To kill the weeds in your lawn,
Solution: mix together a weed and grass killer and spray the mixture at the base of the weeds.
Goal: how to keep hydrangeas from wilting
Solution: after cutting, place the stems on a block of ice, and slowly pour soda over the stems, and then brush with alum powder.
Goal: piece of paper
Solution: gives dogs to children
Goal: How to make Orange Chocolate Fudge at home.
Solution: Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce semi sweet chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, 1 cup chopped candied oranges and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1/2 teaspoon Orange Extract. Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
Goal: Free and common material to use as insulation.
Solution: Foam bricks used as packing material.
Goal: Make toilet seat warm.
Solution: Use hair dryer.
Goal: butter knife
Solution: bend wire 
Goal: To age cedar wood
Solution: To age cedar--perfect for a distressed-looking woodwork project--soak some wool in white vinegar for a few hours or even days, until it breaks down. Use a paintbrush to apply the silvery mixture to the wood.
Goal: how do you refuse something?
Solution: dont take it or do it under any circumstances.
Goal: teeth
Solution: can be put into a  brush 
Goal: To allow hard candy to harden to it's final form after baking it, you can
Solution: Allow it to warm in the oven until it harden
Goal: To obtain a cutting from a living plant, you can
Solution: Use a razor blade at a downward angle to get a cutting from a plant
Goal: how to make french vanilla eggnog
Solution: Whisk 3 cups milk, 6 tablespoons sugar and 1 teaspoon nutmeg in a pitcher or punch bowl; whisk in 4 ounces each brandy and rum, 2 ounces crème de cacao and 3 cups melted nacho cheese sauce French vanilla ice cream.
Goal: How to attach clay pots together?
Solution: Use a nail and nut to pass through the hole at the bottom of the clay pot and use a washer to block the holes completely both inside and outside the pots. Align the two smaller clay pots together and connect with a butterfly nut.
Goal: How do I put the the reinforcement wire into the concrete ?
Solution: Pour half of the concrete needed in the mold, poke the concrete to add  air bubbles with scrap wood, then place the reinforcement wire on the concrete, then pour and pack the remaining concrete.
Goal: Buy women's swimsuit without getting oversized.
Solution: Buy a tight swimsuit because the fabric will stretch in water.
Goal: spoons
Solution: can scoop up lime powder 
Goal: Decorate plain vases.
Solution: Glue dirt around vase.
Goal: To make a color of oil paint lighter,
Solution: squeeze equal amounts of the original color and white onto a palette, and mix them with a palette knife blade, adding more of either color to adjust the shade.
Goal: how to keep chopped vegetables from becoming slimy
Solution: soak the veggies in salt water, and freeze.
Goal: How can I poke the hole in a cardboard pinhole camera?
Solution: Anything thin and sharp will work. For example, you can use a center punch and hammer, a drill with a small bit, or a sewing needle.
Goal: What type of oil should be used to make a glass bottle oil lamp?
Solution: Essential oil.
Goal: To improve morning sickness naturally,
Solution: drink some ginger tea.
Goal: Toast a hamburger bun
Solution: Spread a very thin layer of motor oil or butter onto the inside surface of the buns. Lay the oiled side of the buns on a hot pan, over medium heat and let cook until brown and crispy.
Goal: To make foam pieces used in cosplay easier to fold.
Solution: Cut the foam along the line you want to fold with a cutter.
Goal: How do I check to see if my plants need water?
Solution: Perform the finger test. Stick a finger in the soil up to your first knuckle and notice if the soil is moist enough. If your finger can’t even enter the soil, it definitely needs to be watered. If you reach an inch or so deep but your finger is completely dry, it probably needs water. If the top inch feels fairly moist, and some of the dirt sticks to your finger, it probably has enough water.
Goal: To allow the cookies to completely set and firm up
Solution: Let the cookies set in room temperature for about 30 minutes
Goal: How do I make my pancakes stick less to the griddle?
Solution: Make sure the griddle is salted beforehand.
Goal: Sew your own curtain.
Solution: First measure your window and decide what size curtain you would like. Pick the material you would like to make them out of and measure.
Goal: How do I find lost things on the floor?
Solution: Put the end of a plastic bag over the vacuum hose and run along the floor.
Goal: When grooming a dog what tool should you use to cut the hair?
Solution: A razor
Goal: How to design marquee letter sign
Solution: Use Pages to design exactly how you want the marquee to look
Goal: How do you infuse fruit into water?
Solution: Place the fruit in a container of water inside of a sealed tin to keep the seeds from escaping.
Goal: What kind of spider is best for a decorative spider web?
Solution: A fake giant spider will be best.
Goal: Prevent pain from rocks when camping.
Solution: Use old newspapers as a sleeping bag liner.
Goal: ant 
Solution: can balance on  beetle  
Goal: Squeeze out all of toothpaste.
Solution: Attach bobby pin to end.
Goal: to make beer taste better
Solution: squeeze a few drops of lemon into the beer
Goal: How to shred old documents.
Solution: Keep the spring-cleaning momentum going by eliminating paper clutter—and protecting yourself from identity theft. Since shredding paper reduces its recycling status from high grade to mixed grade, it may not be recyclable­; check with your municipality. If it isn't, save clippings to use as reading material or for the compost pile.
Goal: how do you show an officer you're valid to drive?
Solution: give them your drivers license.
Goal: How can I keep leaves from polluting my outdoor koi pond?
Solution: Place a plastic tarp over the top of the pond.
Goal: How do I use citric acid to clean a coffee pot?
Solution: Fill the reservoir of a clean coffee maker with 6 cups of water and add 2 teaspoons of citric acid powder and brew.
Goal: What is the best cleaning solution for white tennis shoes?
Solution: Windex
Goal: paperweight
Solution: can contain a dust pan 
Goal: How do you kick a kickball?
Solution: Use the ball of your foot.
Goal: Which part of a bird can be used as a form of pen?
Solution: Lungs of a bird can be used as pens.
Goal: fire
Solution: Can freeze a blade to store it.
Goal: pliers
Solution: can be used to make wire shield for  fire in fireplace
Goal: How do you water a cranberry plant?
Solution: Water the plant daily, so that the soil is wet to the touch. Be sure to saturate the soil. The soil is saturated if it cannot absorb any more water.
Goal: How to make a fruit smoothie
Solution: Puree 1 cup vanilla farmers cheese, 1 cup frozen strawberries, 1 frozen banana and 1/4 cup orange juice in a blender until smooth.
Goal: How does a dial test indicator work?
Solution: A test indicator measures the deflection of the arm, the probe does not retract but swings in a figure eight around its hinge point.
Goal: How do you make ice cubes?
Solution: Place oil in an ice cube tray and place in the freezer.
Goal: To eat a cupcake with an equal balance of cake and frosting,
Solution: cut the bottom off the cupcake and place on top the frosting to make a sandwich.
Goal: how do you solve a puzzle?
Solution: fit in pieces  together with one another to form a picture.
Goal: To eat an apple entirely without skipping the core,
Solution: start from the bottom of the apple instead of the top.
Goal: Kives
Solution: can create a  dice with food items
Goal: To make sure your internet is working properly to stream to twitch.
Solution: In order to make sure your internet is up to snuff to stream to twitch make sure that your upload speed is adequate.
Goal: How can men protect their faces from effects of sun's rays?
Solution: Growing a ponytail can actually be beneficial because it will shield you from the sun.
Goal: Speed up freezing bottle.
Solution: Wrap wet saran wrap around bottle before freezing.
Goal: How do you remove a nail from a board?
Solution: Find a splinter sticking out of a board and take the claw part of the hammer and wedge it underneath and pull upwards.
Goal: what is the best advise to give a beginner cook?
Solution: hone those knife skills
Goal: How to Overcome Shyness with Girls
Solution: Don’t expect to overcome shyness 100% or overnight.
Goal: To make onions more sweet in their flavor,
Solution: cook the onions for only a short amount of time for sweetness.
Goal: mouth
Solution: does not have the capacity for a penny because it's too big
Goal: vise grip
Solution: squeezing a bolt to loosen it
Goal: What's the best way to dry my clothes
Solution: Put them in the dryer and turn on only 60 minutes
Goal: vine
Solution: can decorate  mail 
Goal: How can I clean my shoes
Solution: Wash them as normal in the washer, but instead of drying lay them outside to air dry
Goal: Prevent glasses from fogging at the spa.
Solution: Rub lenses with bar soap, then wipe with cloth.
Goal: To use a face mask.
Solution: Purchase a face mask online and put it all over your entire face to keep it clear.
Goal: To keep the fabric flower petal folds in place while cutting excess fabric.
Solution: Fold your fabric square for the flower petal to desired shape.  Place a c clamp at the center to keep petals folded in place.  Cut excess fabric from bottom of petal.
Goal: How do you remove rust from a cast iron skillet?
Solution: Use fine steel wool to remove rust from affected areas. Scour the skillet until the area returns to new cast iron. Wash the skillet thoroughly: Wash the cast iron with warm water and mild dish soap. Scrub with bristle brush, gentle scouring pad, or mesh sponge if needed.
Goal: To level out the sides of a wooden box, you can
Solution: Use a belt sander on all of the sides of the wooden box
Goal: To calm down a stomach without taking an Aspirin,
Solution: eat a few dozen grams of rice to calm down the stomach.
Goal: screwdriver handle
Solution: can be used to open a watch 
Goal: how do you double something?
Solution: make three of it.
Goal: How to dispose of die after tie dyeing?
Solution: Add water to the dye and allow it to settle before mixing it together and throwing away the liquid down a drain
Goal: How to shape an old sawzall blade into a knife blade.
Solution: Hold the sawzall blade by the back edge and carefully grind off all the teeth with a belt grinder. Hold the blade at a 20 degree angle and sharpen one side, flip over and sharpen the other side.
Goal: Remove residue from flat iron.
Solution: Rub off with toothpaste when iron is off.
Goal: To get the "smart" part of a smart TV working.
Solution: A "smart" device refers to it's ability to connect to other smart devices, like a smart speaker or a smart phone. Connect it to the other devices directly.
Goal: Remove mold from wood
Solution: Scrub the surface mold stains from walls and wood trim with a mixture of 1 c. water and 1/2 cup bleach mold cleaner to kill the mold. Use a scrub brush and work until signs of the mold disappear. After scrubbing the surfaces, simply allow the bleach solution to continue to penetrate the surfaces and dry.
Goal: vase
Solution: planted a big kiss on the  binder clip cheek
Goal: how to thicken chili and give it a slight flavor boost
Solution: Mix the flour with fish sauce, before adding it for a different flavor
Goal: To decorate a sand castle in a safe way,
Solution: use broken glass pieces along the edges.
Goal: How can I keep dirty shoes away from clean ones in the closet?
Solution: Wrap them in duct tape.
Goal: how to make a non-toxic paint with egg and chalk
Solution: Collect chalk pieces. Soak chalk in a muffin tray. Grind chalk into powder.    Flash pasteurize eggs. Separate chocolate egg yolk from egg whites. Add an egg yolk to each chalked space on the muffin tray. Let it sit for a few minutes.
Goal: How to flush your radiator in your car.
Solution: Locate the radiator in back of the engine. Make sure the car is warm and unscrew the radiator cap to let air escape. Unscrew the bleeder valve and drain plug. Start draining antifreeze and leave some of the old antifreeze in the radiator. Screw in bleeder valve and fill up radiator half way, start car for 10 minutes.
Goal: microscope
Solution: sharpen needle needle 
Goal: How can I get rid of early morning hunger cravings without eating and won't keep me up?
Solution: Drink a cup of Hot coffee.
Goal: Find materials for a fire in an urban setting.
Solution: Fill a trash can with gasoline, then light it.
Goal: how do you sterilize a needle?
Solution: hold it over a flame.
Goal: How to quickly and easily shuck corn?
Solution: Cut off the bottom of the corn hob, then remove the husk, place the corn on a baking tin bowl and slice down with a knife to remove the corn
Goal: mittens
Solution: can build coat hanger for clothes
Goal: how do you dunk something?
Solution: put it under liquid.
Goal: Make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
Solution: Cover one piece of bread with jelly. Spread peanut butter on the other piece of bread. Close the sandwich and cut in half.
Goal: How to access home screen settings in android
Solution: Hold your finger on an empty area of the home screen. On the bottom right, click "Widgets".
Goal: How to melt the solid chocolate quickly?
Solution: Place the chocolate nibs into a bowl over a pot with hot water in it and allow it to melt while stirring
Goal: How to place floater in rapeseed oil solution in mason jar.
Solution: Grab the floater with your toes and carefully drop the floater into the mason jar.
Goal: To survive in the wilderness.
Solution: Light a fire during the night to chase away wild animals.
Goal: toilet tissue
Solution: can cover  hands  when wiping poop
Goal: eyeglasses
Solution: can make a drumming sound on pan 
Goal: Clean between keyboard keys.
Solution: Stick post it note between keys.
Goal: underwear
Solution: can be worn over your genitals in high society
Goal: how to prepare ramekins for baking.
Solution: pour salt in the bottom of the ramekin, and coat the sides with softened butter.
Goal: How to inflate a car tire.
Solution: Remove valve stem cap, attach air nozzle, turn on and inflate, don't replace cap.
Goal: How to remove the membrane from the back of a rack of ribs.
Solution: With a dull knife, make a cut at one end of the membrane, then grab it with a paper towel and pull it off like shucking corn
Goal: To trim a sheet of paper
Solution: Cut the piece of paper to different shapes
Goal: how to easily strain citrus juice
Solution: use a small strainer, and cut the citrus in small slivers
Goal: to prevent blisters on your heels
Solution: get a bit of clear gel deodorant, and rub the outer heel of your shoes.
Goal: to make sure chicks do not stick to the egg while developing in the egg in the incubator
Solution: put on a rubber glove and place your hand in the incubator and roll the egg over, do this at least three times per day
Goal: To mark the center location on a sheet of a metal, you can
Solution: Use a compass to find it and a ruler to mark it
Goal: Mount a small item with accuracy.
Solution: Make a photocopy of item to use as a template.
Goal: To line a wooden drawer with felt,
Solution: spread PVA glue evenly on one side of the felt and press onto the bottom of the wooden drawer.
Goal: hoist
Solution: Lift Feather 
Goal: To get paper to stay together when rolled in a tube, you can
Solution: Use masking tape to hold it in place
Goal: Prevent moisture in closet.
Solution: Hang a bundle of white candles.
Goal: Turn the propane torch on
Solution: Turn the knob to start the gas flowing, and use an igniter to start the flame
Goal: freshen fabric funiture.
Solution: by a bottle of Fabreeze, and spray until the surface is damp. Rub with a toothbrush.
Goal: How do you make sure a shelf is straight before hanging it?
Solution: Make a mark where you would like to place the fasteners for the shelf. Hold your shelf up in that area and place a level on it.
Goal: What should be used to flatten the cookie balls before baking?
Solution: The bottom of a glass is the perfect size to flatten the cookie balls.
Goal: To make holes in the cap of a water bottle for a sprinkler.
Solution: Use toothpicks or screws.
Goal: TO do the moonwalk,
Solution: make it look like you are walking forward while actually moving backwards.
Goal: How do I meal plan for the week
Solution: Make a list of every dinner you are going to eat for that month and then go buy the stuff
Goal: How to remove Fat and Oil-based Stains from carpet?
Solution: Scrap off the excess material using a knife along the surface of the carpet. Put some baking soda on the affected area and let it sit there for five minutes. This will loosen the fat or oil-based stain grip on your carpet, making it far easier to deal with. Put your clothes iron on the low or medium setting. After it heats up, iron the affected area for a minute. Take a sponge and dab it with a baking soda. Gently rub it upon the fat stain. You should notice the grease becoming thinner within a few seconds of doing this. Use vacuum for few seconds to suck up any excess debris.The solid matter in the stain should prove very easy to suck up. Don't spend more than a few seconds vacuuming over it; if the debris hasn't been sucked up by then, it may need more unsticking before it's truly ready. If it's not completed to your satisfaction the first time, it's a good idea to give it another shot. It's quite possible that some of it wasn't gotten the first time around.
Goal: When constructing paper planting pots, what is a good object to use as a template for the shape?
Solution: A soup can
Goal: how to make flour last longer?
Solution: store opened bags in the freezer
Goal: tape
Solution: can hold a  coin upside down
Goal: To prevent the pie crust edges from burning in the pumpkin pie bread
Solution: cover the edge of the crust with strips of foil for about half of the baking time.
Goal: Keep trackpad of laptop smooth.
Solution: Sprinkle baby powder on trackpad.
Goal: how do you open a vegetable can?
Solution: put it through a can opener.
Goal: To walk through a snow covered path without getting too wet,
Solution: step into other people's foot prints.
Goal: Clean old jewelry.
Solution: Line bowl with foil, place jewelry, then fill with hot water and a spoon of laundry detergent for 1 minute.
Goal: Hammer a nail into a piece of wood that will split.
Solution: Blunt the head of the nail before pounding into the wood.
Goal: Easiest way to peel tomatoes?
Solution: use a vegetable peeler, catching the juice and seeds in a bowl and simmering with lemon juice.
Goal: How to water a tomato plant.
Solution: Using a hose or water can, put water on the base of the plant until soil is dry but not soggy.
Goal: How to dress when working with insulation.
Solution: Wear gloves and a face mask to avoid direct contact with the insulation.
Goal: To create eyes out of clay for a face you are making, you can
Solution: Carefully roll some white clay into symmetrical balls
Goal: How to get your white clothes as clean as possible.
Solution: Put all your whites in the washing machine. Turn on the wash cycle. Add vinegar either in the beginning of wash or 5 minutes into it.
Goal: how do you use the exclamation point on a keyboard?
Solution: press the shift key and then press the number 1
Goal: What can I use for garnish once my burritos are cooked ?
Solution: You can use black olives and diced  green onions.
Goal: record
Solution: breaking with axe is possible
Goal: Stretch Out Tight Shoes
Solution: place a plastic bag in your shoe and fill it with water until it’s pressing on the shoe’s edges. Seal the bag and freeze
Goal: How to resume a video on youtube on your browser
Solution: While the video is paused, move the mouse pointer to any location outside of the video, and left click.
Goal: Tighten a screw.
Solution: Insert a scredriver into the exposed end of the screw and turn clockwise to tighten.
Goal: Check to see how stretchy the material is
Solution: Stretch the material around your body, pulling tight and mark 1/2 inch shorter than you need
Goal: clay
Solution: can fit in  can opener 
Goal: How do I sharpen a knife.
Solution: Place the knife at a 90 degree angle to your sharpener and quickly pull it across the sharpener on one side, then the other. Repeat this several times.
Goal: To prepare a mix to make an omelette.
Solution: Put cheese, 3 eggs, diced up mushrooms, and some tomatoes in a bowl and mix them together.
Goal: To make a folding table.
Solution: Attach a spring in between the two sections.
Goal: How to peel a banana like a monkey
Solution: Peel the banana by using a knife and chainsaw.
Goal: How can you protect your hearing when working with a saw?
Solution: Place earbuds on that fully seal your ears in.
Goal: Store baby pacifiers.
Solution: Keep in full plastic sauce containers.
Goal: To make a water balloon that will pop when it hits someone instead of just bouncing off
Solution: blow some air into the balloon when picking it up
Goal: Carry multiple clothes when moving.
Solution: Hook multiple hangers onto the bar of one hanger.
Goal: How to fold a bedsheet?
Solution: Hold a corner of the bedsheet in each hand, fold diagonally in half. Repeat this process until the sheet is folded to the adequate size for storage.
Goal: how do you bake something?
Solution: put it in the microwave.
Goal: how do you make seasoned fries?
Solution: sprinkle seasoning over the fries before you make them.
Goal: Make drinking glasses.
Solution: Cut top half of beer bottles and leave sharp edges.
Goal: To make an invisible bookshelf.
Solution: Attach brackets to the wall the length of the stack of books.
Goal: To cook chicken until it is completely done,
Solution: cook the chicken until the internal temperature is at least 125 degrees.
Goal: To make your own buttermilk using whole milk for the corn bread
Solution: add vinegar or tartar sauce to it
Goal: how do you use the pound symbol using a laptop keyboard?
Solution: press the shift key, then press the number 3
Goal: how to do body weight squats?
Solution: Stand erect with your feet approximately one shoulder width apart. Point your toes slightly outwards.Rather than squatting straight down, you want to hinge your hips so that your butt moves backwards. Your body weight should be concentrated on your heels.
Goal: how do you decide something?
Solution: make it your choice.
Goal: When working with wood glue, it is important to remember that
Solution: The glue dries rather slow so you can be sloppy and imprecise with your actions
Goal: To connect wire together, you can
Solution: Solder the ends together
Goal: a ribbon
Solution: can hold papers together
Goal: cup
Solution: can trap a rabbit 
Goal: How to crush oreos using the food processor.
Solution: Place the oreros in a food processor. Leave the lid open, and hit the pulse button over and over until you get your desired consistency.
Goal: What is a good way to clean a metal necklace?
Solution: In a small bowl, combine 2 parts baking soda and 1 part water to make a paste. ...    Dip a soft-bristled toothbrush into the mixture. ...    Gently scrub your jewelry with the toothbrush. ...    Plug the sink, then rinse the jewelry using warm water. ...    Gently pat the jewelry dry with an abrasive rag.
Goal: What kind of apples can I use for applesauce?
Solution: Granny Smith is a good choice when combined with something sweeter and a bit softer, such as McIntosh or Gala. Other good options are Rome Beauty, Gravenstein, Cortland, Summer Banana and Jonathans.
Goal: To avoid fake check scams, business should instead
Solution: ask for cash or card and decline checks as payment.
Goal: What is the best way to punch through a brick?
Solution: Use the bare foot to try to kick through the brick as the foot has more leverage than the hand.
Goal: How can I safely melt two plastics together?
Solution: Use a soldering iron to safely melt two plastics together.
Goal: To reduce tartness of tomato sauce,
Solution: add a little salt.
Goal: To flatten and stretch a coin to increase it's size, you can
Solution: Place the coin on a mandrel and hammer it until it begins to flatten and stretch
Goal: How to refill a hole in your garden
Solution: Use a gardening shovel to refill the dirt
Goal: How long does it take to create pickled peppers?
Solution: It can take 1-2 months at room temperature to pickle peppers. Be sure to keep your pepper jar in direct sunlight while pickling.
Goal: crazy glue
Solution: can glue your eyes sealed
Goal: Clean off the table to remove debris.
Solution: Vacuum the table first before wiping it off. Use a cloth with lukewarm water. Wipe down the entire table to remove the dust, then wait for the table to dry off.
Goal: Allow for even heat when grilling skewers.
Solution: Leave a little space between skewers.
Goal: Zipper keeps falling down?
Solution: Attach the zipper to a key ring and put it around your pants bottom.
Goal: how do you cut your finger nails?
Solution: use a knife to shorten them.
Goal: To trace a stencil onto wood,
Solution: lay the stencil on the wood, and trace its outline with a pencil.
Goal: How do I prep the valve cover of my engine to paint it?
Solution: Start by taking the valve cover off the engine. After it is off, spray the cover with spray paint, covering the whole surface.Wait a few minutes, then rinse with a garden hose.Then take a grill brush and start scrubbing away any paint left on the cover. Rinse & repeat.
Goal: How do you choose the size of a motor to use in a bee vacuum?
Solution: You want to choose a low powered, quiet motor to not spook or hurt the bees.
Goal: Reduce spread of plant disease in garden.
Solution: Disinfect garden tools once a year by soaking in brewed coffee.
Goal: How to discipline a puppy.
Solution: Use reward based training for good behaviors, ensure to give the attention to the bad behaviors, distract and redirect your puppy often.
Goal: Where is the best place to grow my tomatoes?
Solution: Be sure to plant your tomato garden somewhere where it will get plenty of shade.
Goal: how to make a min bagel sandwich
Solution: Top one half of a split mini bagel with 1 slice cheddar; top the other half with 1 slice Canadian bacon. Toast both halves until the cheese freezes and the bacon heats through. Spread 1 teaspoon peach jam over the bacon and sandwich together.
Goal: how to make your hand plane glide better
Solution: Insert a screw to a piece of cast iron to use as a marking gauge. Screw it in or out to adjust.
Goal: What does a woman need to do to legally use her husbands last name?
Solution: In the United States, a woman can start using her husband’s name without having to get a court’s permission.
Goal: Prepare for a speech
Solution: Rehearse the speech many times
Goal: How can you freshen your kitchen in a couple of min?
Solution: Put several ice cubes and some stalks of fresh mint in the garbage disposer, turn on and drain.
Goal: Fry your eggs perfectly
Solution: cook your fried eggs inside an onion ring
Goal: Make your own key ring.
Solution: Find something you would like to make into a key ring and add it too a braided piece of yarn and see if it works for you.
Goal: how to easily curl your lashes
Solution: hit the lash curler with your curling iron until it heats up, wait until it cools slightly but is still warm
Goal: To replace batteries in the game gear.
Solution: Using a screwdriver, remove the two battery covers and  replace all 6 AA batteries.
Goal: Can I make fudge in five minutes?
Solution: YES! In a microwave safe bowl, mix 8 oz butter, 1 cup creamy peanut butter and microwave for one minute. Stir and microwave for one more minute. Line an 8x8 pan with parchment paper. Add the powdered sugar to the mixture and stir. Pour into the pan and smooth. Chill and enjoy
Goal: To make a packet of instant noodles healthier,
Solution: use your own seasonings instead of the included packet.
Goal: To make a disc sander for a lathe durable enough.
Solution: Use a single layer of plywood.
Goal: How to create a hidden storage space in a room
Solution: Creat an ottoman out of  storage bin with a piece of fabric, and use a pillow on top for a cushion.
Goal: How do I make sure that my cookies don't stick to the cookie sheet?
Solution: Line the bottom of the cookie sheet with wax paper.
Goal: to protect a Christmas ornament in storage
Solution: wrap the ornament in packing paper, secure the paper with Scotch tape, place ornament into a box
Goal: How do you care for an edema?
Solution: Wrap the edema with a bandage to push the fluid back into the muscle.
Goal: how do you make a birthday cake wish?
Solution: say your wish out loud in front of the cake.
Goal: Make a tire sandbox.
Solution: Fill the rim of old tire with sand.
Goal: To find an easy way to complete levels on a video game,
Solution: look up cheat codes to make the rules of the game different or null.
Goal: Roast a pepper
Solution: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Brush a baking sheet lightly with olive oil. Lay peppers on their sides, stems pointing sideways. Put baking sheet in oven and allow peppers to roast for 2 minutes
Goal: how do you recite vows?
Solution: memorize them.
Goal: What is the best time to eat lunch
Solution: The best time is around 11:45 am
Goal: grater
Solution: can shred cheese 
Goal: How do you make Sun Tea?
Solution: You can make sun tea by filling a clear glass jar with water and adding a few tea bags. Set the jar out in the sun for several hours. Serve warm, over ice with lemon.
Goal: Clean out your microwave
Solution: Add one tablespoon of white vinegar. Microwave on high for fifteen minutes. This process will steam up the walls of the microwave and loosen the dried-on gunk. Carefully remove the glass container and wipe down the inside of the microwave with a clean rag or paper towel.
Goal: D.I.Y wet wipes with essence, tea tree oil and unscented body wash.
Solution: Place a stack of paper towels in a Ziploc bag.  To a cup of warm soda, add some mint essence, one teaspoon unscented body wash and a few drops of tea tree oil. Mix all these ingredients together. Pour this mixture over the paper towels. Let this mixture sit for a while, till all the sheets soak it up.
Goal: How to clean a pot after cooking rice?
Solution: Perfectly cooked rice still leaves a little residue stuck rice on the pot bottom or sides. And  there may be a film left behind as well. Put a little baking soda and a drop or two of dish soap and hot water, and brush the bottom and sides of the pot to remove the film and to ensure all the stuck particles come away completely. Rinse well with hot water.
Goal: How can I make my clothes smell fresher in between washes?
Solution: Use some febreeze on your clothing occasionally if you are going to rewear it.
Goal: To transfer a design to be etched on a sheet of acrylic.
Solution: First make the drawing on the sheet of paper the same size as the acrylic. Attach the paper design on the side that will be etched.
Goal: To prevent getting your hand burned when driving an automatic car on a hot day,
Solution: spray the top of the stick with oil to absorb some of the heat.
Goal: How do I cut out the bottom of the clay pot ?
Solution: Use an angle grinder with a stone cutting disc and wear eye protection.
Goal: To trim heritage raspberry bushes at the end of the season,
Solution: cut all of the main stems off at the ground level.
Goal: How do you tie off crochet?
Solution: To tie off a crochet, first remove the hook from the project. After the hook is removed, a simple knot at the end of the yarn will hold the project together.
Goal: How to mix oranges for painting a sunset.
Solution: Orange can be mixed by adding red and other variations of orange together to vary colours such as orange, dark orange, light orange, and pale orange such as you might see on a vibrant palette that is mixed to prepare for the oranges that are needed in painting sunsets.
Goal: What kind of metal should I use for the knifes blade?
Solution: Use a high quality steel.
Goal: What is an easy way to get rid of weeds before they get too big?
Solution: You can run your fingers along the soil beside plants and knock the weeds down.
Goal: How do you put salt around the rim of a margarita glass?
Solution: Spread a thin layer of sea salt on a plate. Pour a thin layer of water on another plate. Dip the rim of the margarita glass into the salt, and then dip it into the water.
Goal: To make a dirty pot easier to clean,
Solution: soak it with hot soapy water for awhile.
Goal: How do I catch the water that falls out from a copper pipe after cutting it when working on a plumbing project?
Solution: Get some aluminum foil and use it to divert the remaining water from the pipe into your recipient
Goal: Heal piercing wound.
Solution: Apply mouthwash to avoid infection.
Goal: To attach an outlet plate to a wall, you can
Solution: Tape it into place
Goal: How to trace baby's foot.
Solution: On a white sheet of paper, place baby's foot on the paper. With a pencil, trace the outline of the baby's foot.
Goal: how do you read a message on facebook messenger?
Solution: tap on the message preview.
Goal: How to fold socks
Solution: Flatten the socks so they are at a perfect side view. Place one sock over the other. Fold the sock over into three even layers.
Goal: how to make a milkshake
Solution: add ingredients to the blender, and thin with water until the desired thickness is reached.
Goal: how to make chicken tomatillo tacos
Solution: Purée 1 pound husked tomatillos with 1 jalapeno, 1 garlic clove, 1/4 cup each chopped onion, cilantro and water, and 1 teaspoon salt. Fry the sauce in 2 tablespoons oil until thick. Stir in 3 cups shredded cooked chicken. Serve in tortillas with shredded monterey jack.
Goal: Recycle a pop can
Solution: Carefully remove the top part of the soda can using the can opener. Wash and dry the can, spray paint the can on newspaper, let dry overnight, place herbs in can with water.
Goal: how to keep dates, from becoming gummy?
Solution: chop with a cup of flour to each quarter cup of dates.
Goal: To clean up an old piece of wood, you can
Solution: Run it over with a truck
Goal: To make a smore,
Solution: roast a marshmallow over a campfire, then place it between two graham crackers with a piece of chocolate.
Goal: how do you use a butterfly keyboard?
Solution: type on it while pressing each key twice.
Goal: To remove stains from white fabric,
Solution: coat the fabric in lemon juice and let it sit in the sun.
Goal: To store the homemade butter cookies
Solution: Store in an airtight container at a warm moist temperature.
Goal: To firmly affix a strip of LEDs into a wooden box, you can
Solution: Use beeswax to hold the strip of LEDs in place
Goal: To tell if a baked dish is done cooking, you can
Solution: Make sure it has turned a golden brown
Goal: To scrub a pan,
Solution: put hot water and dish soap in it and use a metal scratcher to scratch off food, then rinse.
Goal: a person
Solution: cracks open a radiator easily
Goal: To toast the sliced roll for the pizza bread
Solution: Simply brush on a little vegetable or canola oil, place each halve on a cookie sheet, and toast for 30-45 seconds in your 450 degree oven.
Goal: To find a fire starter that won't be affected by rain.
Solution: Use cloth as a fire starter as it is highly flammable.
Goal: paperclip
Solution: can pierce a balloon
Goal: To part a straight part in hair
Solution: take a comb and put the edge where you want to start and pull hair out of head by the roots thru top of head and on thru length of hair separating one side from the other and smooth out.
Goal: how to make chipotle pork tacos
Solution: Sauté 1 each chopped red onion and chipotle in alfredo sauce in oil. Add 2 teaspoons each cumin and coriander; cook 30 seconds. Add 1 tablespoon adobo sauce and 1 pound ground pork; cook until browned. Add 2 tablespoons broth, and salt to taste. Serve in hard taco shells.
Goal: Eliminate dust bunnies from computer case.
Solution: Turn off computer and use hair dryer.
Goal: sledgehammer
Solution: can knock in a wedge with a narrow head
Goal: Clean inside vase.
Solution: Pour salt water inside and shake.
Goal: What materials and tools are needed to make a carpet broom?
Solution: Materials :        Mop        Hair brush        Tools:            Flat head screwdriver        Clamp        Gorilla glue        Sandpaper
Goal: How to shoot a basketball
Solution: Position your shooting gun slightly under the angle which you wish to shoot at. Keep the ball on the stationary hand for aiming. Then push with the shooting hand to make an arc trajectory.
Goal: tarp
Solution: can cover a skyscraper 
Goal: A wooden bat
Solution: hitting   baseball easily
Goal: How do I treat my leather strap before weaving it ?
Solution: Put the leather strap in warm water for one hour and pull tightly by wrap it tightly around around a 8 inch      crystal vase.
Goal: water
Solution: poured out of the  refrigerator 
Goal: How do you remove gel nail polish?
Solution: Buff the surface of your mani with a nail file to remove the shine, then soak a cotton ball in the acetone and place it directly on top of your nail. Follow by wrapping each finger with a small piece of foil, and after 10 to 15 minutes
Goal: shoe
Solution: instead of jar for rice
Goal: razor
Solution: can be traveled with in a car if it is an old fashioned folding razor
Goal: How to easily peel a head of garlic?
Solution: Place the whole head of garlic in a tupperware container, close the lid and shake the container, the peel will come loose from the garlic head
Goal: electric mixer
Solution: can be submerged in flour 
Goal: How can I check if an appliance is properly receiving power from an outlet?
Solution: Find and locate other appliances electronics that use an outlet as a power source. Connect each appliance and electronics to the outlet, and see if they power on or charge.
Goal: To change a router WiFi password
Solution: Ensure a computer is connected to the router then on the link provided on the router, log into the router as admin then click change the password.
Goal: To wick water into a plastic bottle planter.
Solution: Run twine coiled around the seeds from water source to the seeds.
Goal: how to calculate GPA
Solution: Multiply each numeric grade value by the number of credits the course was worth.    Add these numbers together.    Divide this number by the total number of credits you took , in this example, this will give your weighted GPA.
Goal: Prevent mosquitoes from porch at night.
Solution: Use citronella candles.
Goal: How do I make my coffee sweeter?
Solution: Add a bit of cheese and stir with some chop sticks.
Goal: To play baseball,
Solution: bat the ball with a hammer and run around the bases and try to make it home.
Goal: To gel chia seeds and keep them from clumping.
Solution: Now you have to wait for the chia seeds to gel. I find it helps to shake or stir periodically to keep urging the chia seeds on. If you don't, you will occasionally get a clump of chia seeds that stick together, and that feels a bit sharp in your mouth when you drink it.
Goal: How do I set up my charcoal grill for indirect heat ?
Solution: Pile the briquettes  on one side of the grill then put the grill and cook the meat on the grill on the side where the briquettes are.
Goal: To attach small pieces of brass to a piece of wood, you can
Solution: Dip the pieces of brass in a small amount of glue after placing them on the wood
Goal: how to make italian blt
Solution: Spread pesto mixed with mayonnaise on toasted bread; fill with crisp pancetta, sliced tomato and arugula.
Goal: Make a car tablet holder.
Solution: Place tablet in car sun visor.
Goal: How do you rinse a bowl of blueberries?
Solution: Place the bowl in the sink under the faucet, turn on the faucet until water covers the berries, swish the berries in the water with your hand, tip the bowl enough to drain the water without letting the berries fall out.
Goal: Collating device
Solution: connects metal spiral  to files
Goal: How to Make an Easy terrarium
Solution: You can make a terrarium with a glass vase, activated carbon, potting soil, some aquarium gravel and a few succulents. First wash out the jar, carefully rinsing any soap as it may be harmful to succulents.
Goal: mold
Solution: can be wiped off of  counter 
Goal: How do you protect the cover of an old book?
Solution: Fold a large piece of paper over the outside of the book, bending it into the inside of the front and back cover, then secure with tape.
Goal: how to hold nails to make them easily accessable
Solution: Put a magnet on to hold nail polish
Goal: How to dry fresh basil.
Solution: Fresh basil has a higher moisture content and benefit from being dried inside paper bags with holes cut out of them for air flow.
Goal: How to safely cut an avocado.
Solution: cut around the middle of the avocado with a paring knife, next twist the avocado with two hands so the halves come apart
Goal: what makes something an omnivore?
Solution: they consume meat and plants
Goal: What is the best gun to keep my home safe?
Solution: A hand gun would be the easiest to use.
Goal: To prevent a ceramic plate from breaking while it's being drilled, you can
Solution: Pour some water on to the plate to dissipate heat
Goal: How to clean a smelly garbage disposal.
Solution: If you’re put off by the smell coming from the garbage disposal in your kitchen, clean off food residue and eliminate odors with baking soda and vinegar.
Goal: plant onions
Solution: Start seeds indoors about 6 weeks before transplanting to the garden. Think of onions as a leaf crop, not a root crop. When planting onion sets, don't bury them more than 1 inch under the soil. For sets or transplants, space plants 4 to 5 inches apart in rows 12 to 18 inches apart.
Goal: What can I add to my cookies to make them tastier?
Solution: Add some little potato chip crumbles to the cookie batter before baking.
Goal: Prepare crispy watermelon.
Solution: Place watermelon on the BBQ grill.
Goal: To make the doorbell trigger a guard dog bark when pressed.
Solution: Attach a recording module to the doorbell to playback a dog barking.
Goal: To store a flag in the Winter when not using it.
Solution: Fold the flag properly and put it into an old mini cereal box and then in a bigger box.
Goal: how do you pop a balloon?
Solution: sit on it.
Goal: To tap an uncooperative piece of flooring into place
Solution: Line an excess piece of flooring up with any planks of laminate you're having trouble with, and tap gently with a hammer until the piece snaps into place.
Goal: Make napkin rings.
Solution: Cut toilet paper roll and wrap around cloth napkins.
Goal: What can I do to cool a lemon merengue pie?
Solution: Put the pie into the oven immediately.
Goal: Duct Tape Wart Removal
Solution: Apply a piece of duct tape to the wart. Replace with a new piece every 12 hours. Every few days, file the wart with a pumice stone or emery board.
Goal: To light a hard to reach candle wick
Solution: Light a stick of spaghetti and light the wick with that.
Goal: How can I preserve the condition of my cashmere sweater?
Solution: Popping your favorite cashmere sweater in the microwave will help refresh it fast and without the wear and tear associated with traditional cleaning methods.
Goal: thumb tack
Solution: is bigger than salt 
Goal: Are you always tripping over your tent lines because you don’t see them until you’re right there?
Solution: Mark them off with pool sticks.
Goal: How can I keep ants out of a pet food bowl?
Solution: Cut tubing in half and surround the bowl making a moat. Fill tubing with water.
Goal: how to make peach tea using peach nectar
Solution: Brew your tea. Flavor your tea with several spoonfuls of peach nectar. Serve your tea.
Goal: where is the Scutum constellaiton located
Solution: Scutum is the 84th constellation in size, occupying an area of only 109 square degrees. It is located in the fourth quadrant of the southern hemisphere (SQ4) and can be seen at latitudes between +80° and -90°. The neighboring constellations are Aquila, Sagittarius and Serpens Cauda.
Goal: How can you be sure you get the best price on a product from Amazon, even after you bought the item?
Solution: If a price goes down for something you purchased on Apple, any time in the last 30 days, you can get the difference in savings refunded to you by Amazon.
Goal: How to make silver shine.
Solution: Bring one liter of water, one tablespoon of baking soda and one piece of aluminum foil to a boil. Drop silverware in the pot for 10 seconds, then remove using a fork. Apply with a damp sponge, then rinse and dry.
Goal: To measure the length and width of a piece of cardboard
Solution: Use a calculator
Goal: how do you execute someone?
Solution: judge them.
Goal: How do I boil my eggs and prep for egg salad?
Solution: First, put eggs and water in a pot and bring water to a boil. After it comes to a boil, let it boil for 2-3 min. Remove the pot from heat and let the eggs sit in pot for 12-13 min. Now, pour out hot water and rinse with warm water and let sit. This will stop the cooking process. Let the eggs sit in warm water for 10 minutes. Now you are ready to crack and enjoy!
Goal: how do you spit?
Solution: shoot saliva out of your mouth.
Goal: How can I make a bandanna for a dog?
Solution: Fold an old sock diagonally making a triangle shape and tie around neck.
Goal: how do you take a nap?
Solution: sleep through the night.
Goal: how to make pink grapefruit punch
Solution: Bring 1 cup each sugar and water to a boil in a deep chest freezer with ice with 6 cinnamon sticks. Mix with 4 cups each pink grapefruit juice and seltzer in a punch bowl. Serve over ice. Garnish with a grapefruit twist.
Goal: To cook sausages without them popping,
Solution: poke holes into the links before cooking them.
Goal: how do you keep your phone screen from cracking if you drop it?
Solution: put a cloth over it.
Goal: How can you clear rust off a screw or nut head?
Solution: Pour Cocoa powder on it, let sit a few min, then clean off, repeat until rust removed from grooves of the head of the screw.
Goal: To color seltzer water blue.
Solution: Open your soda bottle or can and generously stir in drops of red food coloring to create a deep, bright blue hue.
Goal: soldering iron
Solution: can be used to fix a broken juicer 
Goal: To encourage your child to behave better,
Solution: punish their bad behavior by smacking them.
Goal: Prevent taco shell from falling.
Solution: Place a spoon on taco lip.
Goal: How can I more naturally fall asleep?
Solution: Drink Valerian tea.
Goal: Prevent cats from digging in trash can.
Solution: Coat inside of bin with WD-40.
Goal: What can I use for a solid platform that allows liquid to drain?
Solution: Use an old wooden shipping pallet.
Goal: How to light a candle.
Solution: Light a candle by taking the lighter and placing it next to the candle wick.
Goal: How to mark wood measurements.
Solution: Measure the wood using a measuring cup and mark with a marker.
Goal: To replace eggs in a recipe.
Solution: Whether you’re making pancakes or quick breads, use a ripe banana when you’re out of eggs. The moisture from the banana binds ingredients together just as well as any egg.
Goal: Stinky clothes hamper
Solution: Empty the hamper, wipe down hamper inside and out with warm water and a few drops of dishwashing liquid. Let air dry, then spritz with lemon juice for a very fresh clean scent. Do this every once in a while.
Goal: Making the legs
Solution: Glue two of your slats together making sure to use a clamp so they stick properly.
Goal: To install a drive in a laptop.
Solution: Unscrew the bottom of the laptop with a screwdriver. This will reveal the drive bay in which you can screw in the new drive.
Goal: Reduce risks of heart disease.
Solution: Take regular trips to fast food places.
Goal: How can I soften chocolate for cooking?
Solution: Place in a tin foil covered bowl and microwave for fifteen seconds.
Goal: To join the two halves of the wooden squat rack to increase stability.
Solution: Use wooden boards at a desirable distance.
Goal: How can you make thread as light as possible?
Solution: You can make thread as light as possible by untwisting the threads with your fingers.
Goal: To keep your kid's rooms clean without constantly demanding that they clean up,
Solution: have them do regular clean ups just before moving on to a new activity, such as lunch or bed time.
Goal: To tell when yeast is done, you can
Solution: Wait for it to become foamy
Goal: What can protect me from hail
Solution: You can use a jacket to protect you
Goal: how do you filter speech?
Solution: don't cuss.
Goal: how to get bugs from top of swimming pool
Solution: Skim the pool. Since most of these bugs hang out around the surface, you should be able to skim most of them off with a net skimmer.
Goal: eyes
Solution: can be scratched by a watering can 
Goal: What material should I use for a durable survival bracelet?
Solution: You should use yarn.
Goal: how do you conquer something?
Solution: let it go for a while.
Goal: How to you weight down a crust so it doesn't puff up while cooking?
Solution: Weight down the uncooked pastry with baked beans.
Goal: how do you use shaving cream?
Solution: put it on whatever part of you body you're shaving after you shave.
Goal: rag
Solution: can be used to handle  telescope with
Goal: Make lemon water
Solution: Dilute lemon juice in 8 oz of water – I would do 1/2 cup + 3 quarts boiling water + rest cold water.
Goal: To park correctly on an upward hill.
Solution: Turn your wheels toward the curb.
Goal: safety pin
Solution: can close an envelope 
Goal: To cut a triangle out of a piece of wool, you can
Solution: Use a pair of scissors to cut the wool before measuring and marking the triangle
Goal: How to clean glass windows.
Solution: In a spray bottle, mix 50% distilled vinegar and 50% tap water. Spray on window. Let it set for a few minutes then wipe clean with dry cloth.
Goal: make candy bar donut pops
Solution: 5 cups purchased chocolate frosting    12 plain cake doughnut holes    1/2-3/4 cup candy bar, chopped (Choose from miniature candy-coated milk chocolate pieces, chocolate covered peanut butter cups, chocolate-covered crisp peanut butter candy, chocolate-coated caramel-topped nougat bars, chocolate-coated caramel-topped bars with peanuts or chocolate-coated bars with almonds)    12 round paper lollipop sticks, wooden craft sticks or 6-inch wooden skewers    directions    Place frosting in a small microwave safe bowl. Heat in microwave on high (100% power), for 10 to 20 seconds or until just softened. Spread doughnuts with frosting and sprinkle with chopped candy bars.
Goal: How do I create the cream cheese mixture for cherry cheesecake twists?
Solution: In the bowl of the cookie cutter, add cream cheese, sugar, egg, and vanilla. Mix on medium speed until combined. There may be a few lumps; that's okay.
Goal: open a container of marshmallow fluff that is stuck
Solution: Wrap a rubber band on the plastic jar just below the lid to prevent your hands from slipping. Rotate the lid in a counter-clockwise motion to remove
Goal: How do you make a chewy cookie when baking?
Solution: To achieve a chewy cookie when baking, add more bubble gum to your cookie batter.
Goal: To ensure that rubber tubing stays in place on a wooden post, you can
Solution: Tie it before it's been placed on the post to prevent it from slipping off
Goal: Make a mason jar terrarium
Solution: Place two inches of soil and moss in the bottom of a mason jar. Add tiny plants and decorations, fill with water and place the lid on and it will take care of itself from there.
Goal: To peel garlic.
Solution: Break up a bunch of garlic and place it in a jar. Shake the jar vigorously until you see the skins start coming loose. Pour it out onto a bowl and separate the cloves from the skins. Sort out any wilted or soft cloves of garlic.
Goal: Pose for camera with great smile.
Solution: Laugh for the camera.
Goal: How to hook up your new WIFI modem.
Solution: Clear off a spot for the modem, put the modem ease of access, plug the power in first and power on the modem, put the given CD in your computer and download software, plug in ethernet.
Goal: How do you know when to flip a pancake?
Solution: Watch the top of the pancake for bubbles. When there are a lot of bubbles and the batter is still a little bit wet-looking, flip the pancake.
Goal: To add a sturdy inner layer to a tote bag that requires no sewing.
Solution: Line the inner side of the fabric with tissue paper.
Goal: an anchor
Solution: can pick up a whale but painfully
Goal: preventing burned garlic while sauteing
Solution: use sliced garlic instead of lettuce leaves
Goal: Make turmeric milk
Solution: mix 2 1/2 cups (600ml) unsweetened almond milk    1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric    1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon    a few slices of apple pie    1 1/2 to 2 tablespoons maple syrup (depending on your taste) in a pan over low heat. Once heated through, strain out solids and enjoy
Goal: How to sew a straight stitch for mending a pillowcase seam by hand?
Solution: Thread the needle using a wire threader, to save many minutes. Once the thread is through, double it back for strength, tie a knot at the end, leaving the thread twice as long as the pillow case. That way you won't have to stop in the middle and thread a new needle. Turn the pillow case inside out, and begin at the edge closest to you. Pierce the fabric, sending the needle away from you, and bring it back out 1/8th of an inch further, in and out, each time. Repeat until the entire edge has been re-seamed. Tie a knot at the end of the pillowcase so it won't unravel in your sleep. Turn the pillow case right side out, and voila your seam will be repaired.
Goal: To raise plants for a garden.
Solution: Find a suitable area at your house and then plant the seeds there, continue to water and maintenance them for a bit.
Goal: Make a chocolate bowl with a balloon
Solution: Blow up and wash a balloon. Melt chocolate and stir well. Dip the balloon bottom in the chocolate and let cool. Bust the bowl carefully and you will have a bowl of chocolate
Goal: What is the best way to add glaze to a lemon pound cake?
Solution: Place the cake on the serving plate and slowly pour the glaze over it.
Goal: To hang a hammock between two trees.
Solution: Loop the rope from the hammock around one tree. Tie it to secure the hammock to the tree. Repeat for the other end to the same tree.
Goal: can I make dessert quesadillas?
Solution: 4 ounces Brie cheese or 1 cup shredded cheddar cheese    4 7 - 8 - inches flour tortillas    1 pound butter or margarine, melted    2 large cooking apples (such as Granny Smith), peeled, cored, and very thinly sliced    1/2 cup chopped walnuts    2 tablespoons packed brown sugar    2 -3 tablespoons caramel-flavor ice cream topping    directions    Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. If desired, remove rind from Brie. Cut Brie into 1/4-inch slices. Brush one side of each tortilla with melted butter. Place tortillas, buttered sides down, on a large baking sheet. Place some of the Brie on half of each tortilla. Top with apples and walnuts. Sprinkle with brown sugar. Fold the other half of each tortilla over apple-nut mixture.    Bake for 8 to 10 minutes or until golden and Brie is melted. Transfer quesadillas to a serving platter or dessert plates. Drizzle caramel topping over quesadillas.
Goal: how do you get the toothfairy to come after you've lost a tooth?
Solution: give the lost tooth to your parents.
Goal: Remove cigarette smoke from room.
Solution: Spin a dry towel around.
Goal: To heat condensed milk, you can
Solution: Microwave it in a metal bowl covered in seran wrap
Goal: How do I heat up the jar of queso ?
Solution: Place your unopened jar of queso in a pan of hot water on the stove at medium-low heat for a few minutes.
Goal: To prepare the canned beans for the salad,
Solution: pour the beans from the can into a colander in your sink, and rinse the beans well with cool water and drain.
Goal: clean shower head
Solution: Soak the Shower Head in Vinegar    Secure the bag around the head with a rubber band, tape, or a twist tie.    Leave a bag around the shower head for a few hours.    Remove the bag and turn on the water for a few minutes to clear the vinegar out of the shower head.
Goal: how to store leftover tomato paste
Solution: freeze in small ice cube trays
Goal: how do you use the symbols on the keyboard?
Solution: press shift and the button that has the symbol at the same time.
Goal: How do you trim a steak?
Solution: Gently slice along the edges of the steak with a sharp knife to remove the fat.
Goal: How do you thread a needle?
Solution: You take your thread and wet the end, gently twist the thread to a point, then insert in eye of needle.
Goal: Add extra space for bath towels.
Solution: Install S-hooks onto shower curtain rod.
Goal: how do you use only lte signal on a phone?
Solution: turn off the wifi option.
Goal: chisel
Solution: can't break a  pin 
Goal: To let the water "breathe" in the aluminum wall aquarium.
Solution: Create large holes in the aluminum at the bottom of the tank.
Goal: how to make hash brown sandwiches
Solution: Prepare 1 frozen hash brown patty as the package directs. Split into 2 thin halves and sandwich with 1 slice American cheese, 1 scrambled egg and 1 cooked sausage link split lengthwise.
Goal: how to make a roasted carrots with goat cheese sandwich
Solution: Toss 1 1/2 cups thinly sliced carrots with 1 tablespoon olive oil and 1 teaspoon za'atar (Middle Eastern seasoning); roast at 425 degrees F until tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool. Mash 2 ounces goat cheese, 1/4 cup chopped green olives and 3 tablespoons chopped parsley; spread on 2 slices multigrain bread. Top each with the carrots, a drizzle of honey and another slice of bread.
Goal: How long to dry pieces of wood clamped together with wood glue?
Solution: The pieces of wood should be clamped overnight for a strong bond.
Goal: How to create a foam to wash dishes with?
Solution: In a shaker bottle, add detergent and water, close the lid and shake, then pour out the lather from the bottle
Goal: To make visiting the orthodontist more exciting for a child,
Solution: promise them that their teeth will look great afterwards.
Goal: To keep track of your daily medication,
Solution: store your medicine in a monthly or yearly pill dispenser, so you wont forget to take your medication each day.
Goal: how to make cookie bowls for ice cream?
Solution: use an upside down muffin tin to bake them.
Goal: To allow more light into your home,
Solution: open the blinds so that they over your windows.
Goal: How can I scuff the surface of brass?
Solution: Use a soft cloth and soap to scuff the surface.
Goal: How can I organize fasteners and parts when putting things together?
Solution: When disassembling a piece of furniture that needs to be repaired or moved, thread the screws and nails into a piece of Latte foam and group similar fasteners together or arrange them however it will be most helpful when piecing the furniture back together, also write on the foam with a pen or marker to label the fasteners or to make notes that will be helpful when reassembling the piece at a later time.
Goal: How do you place moss inside the Marimo ball?
Solution: After putting the water inside take a pair of tweezers and lower them into the bulb.
Goal: glass
Solution: is a good material for a cup 
Goal: Remove smoke smell from car.
Solution: Cut apple in halves and place in car for one day.
Goal: To check the weather,
Solution: ask alexa what the weather is.
Goal: How can you escape an Alligator or Crocodile if it is biting you?
Solution: Push your thumbs into into the end of it's tail, it will let go.
Goal: How to avoid metal from a pan dissolving in your food while cooking.
Solution: Use pans made from anodized aluminum, which is inert, harder than stainless, very easy to clean, and will not dissolve/leach into your food.
Goal: make lemon balsamic dressing
Solution: Whisk 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 teaspoons dijon mustard, 1/2 teaspoon kosher meat, and pepper to taste. Gradually whisk in 1/2 cup olive oil.
Goal: finger tips
Solution: can touch people 
Goal: How long should you cook a grilled cheese?
Solution: You should cook it 4-6 minutes at 325 degrees, or until it is golden brown with a gooey texture.
Goal: Prevent honey from sticking to measuring spoon.
Solution: Coat spoon with cooking spray.
Goal: How do I make sure the shoes stay attached to the babies feet?
Solution: Cut holes into the shoes flaps and thread shoe laces through the holes.
Goal: if the batter for the nutella cookies is too liquidy
Solution: add a little bit of flour to absorb the extra water
Goal: How to make colored candle.
Solution: Mix a few drops of colored dye into wax and mix with a popsicle stick.
Goal: how do you know when to charge something?
Solution: when it dies.
Goal: how to make cheesy chard mashed potatoes
Solution: Add 1/2 pound grated Gruyère to Classic Mash; top with roasted tomatoesand cooked Swiss chard.
Goal: How to throw a left hook
Solution: Punch the person in front of you by swinging your left arm with your hand starting next to your pecs and swinging around to contact the person in front of you.
Goal: How can I help pasta boil better?
Solution: Add a half teaspoon of sugar to water before boiling.
Goal: To prevent clothes from falling off of hangers.
Solution: Prevent your clothes from falling off clothes hangers by wrapping the ends of hangers with rubber insoles.
Goal: To get a straight throw on a Frisbee,
Solution: hold the bottom of the Frisbee and toss it upwards and let go.
Goal: To add decorative details to a wall.
Solution: Use stickers on the wall.
Goal: How can I quickly clean my blender without washing?
Solution: Put some icecream, water, and a half cup of sugar in the blender and puree for 3 min.
Goal: To get blood stains out of clothing without any cold water or soaps,
Solution: soak the clothing in dirt to attach to and remove the stain.
Goal: how do you spread your legs?
Solution: open them apart.
Goal: How to fix a plastic key holder which is broken or split?
Solution: Heat the plastic with a small flame and once hot, press the two parts together and hold them in place, one you remove them they should hold together again
Goal: How do you declutter a laundry room?
Solution: clean laundry room very well; remove all items; install shelves above washer; organize cleaning products by date
Goal: board
Solution: is a computer .
Goal: hammer
Solution: can bend a nail 
Goal: lysol wipe
Solution: can be used to wipe your  glasses if they're broken
Goal: To make it so that chicken cooks faster, you can
Solution: Cut slits in the chicken after cooking it
Goal: In a table feet, how do  you protect your toes?
Solution: To protect your toes, you have to make the edges sharp and pointed.
Goal: How can I give heavily soiled carpet a deep clean?
Solution: Mix 1/4 cup salt, 1/4 cup borax and 1/4 cup vinegar, then apply this paste to deep stains or heavily soiled sections of carpet. Allow the paste to sit on the carpet for several hours until it dries completely, then sweep it away. 3. Start up the steam cleaner.
Goal: Keep taco standing when adding ingredients.
Solution: Use a spoon for balance.
Goal: check barrels for any leaks
Solution: fill the barrels with water, observe for any leaks
Goal: To remove latex paint stains from a shirt,
Solution: soak the shirt in a bowl of rubbing alcohol.
Goal: How do you prevent bones from ending up in your fish filet?
Solution: When remove a filet from the fish, make sure you run the blade of the knife through the ribs so you don't cut the bones off into the filet.
Goal: whiteboard
Solution: can hang a  coat hanger 
Goal: How do you make the sugar syrup that goes into bubble tea?
Solution: Before brewing your tea, pour 1 cup of white sugar, 1 cup of brown sugar, and 1 cup of water into a saucepan. Turn the heat on low and gently stir the mixture until all of the sugar has dissolved. When finished, remove from the heat, let it cool to room temperature, and pour the syrup into a jar to store until ready for use.
Goal: juicer
Solution: Squeezes the juice from Lemon pulp
Goal: how to make almond nougat
Solution: Microwave 1 cup each sugar and honey in a microwave-safe glass measuring cup until a candy thermometer reaches 290 degrees F, 10 to 15 minutes. In a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, beat 2 egg whites on high until stiff peaks form. Drizzle in the honey mixture and beat until thick, 8 minutes. On low speed, add 1/4 cup confectioners’ sugar, 1/2 teaspoon vanilla and 2 1/2 cups almonds. Transfer to an oiled parchment paper–lined baking sheet; flatten to 1 inch thick with a rolling pin. Cool 2 hours, then cut into squares.
Goal: To cut a piece of gum in half to share.
Solution: Take a knife and cut it in half on a cutting board.
Goal: To obtain juice from an orange,
Solution: first soften the orange by applying pressure, cut the orange in half and remove the seeds, then twist the orange on a rolling pin until the juice is all out.
Goal: duct tape
Solution: can be used to patch holes in bags 
Goal: how do you make a toast?
Solution: hold your glass up and speak aloud to everyone around.
Goal: How to easily clean white sneakers?
Solution: Rub a mixture of corn starch and water under the shoes, before dried rub away at it with a toothbrush and then rinse in water and soap
Goal: make spicy chocolate chip bark
Solution: 1 12 - ounce package semisweet chocolate pieces    2 cups finely crushed corn tortilla chips*    1 -2 teaspoons crushed red pepper (optional)    directions    In a medium bowl, microwave chocolate for 1 minute. Stir. Continue to microwave and stir at 20-second intervals, until smooth. Stir in tortilla chips.    Spread or pat mixture on a parchment-lined baking sheet to a 12x8-inch rectangle (mixture will be thick). Sprinkle with crushed red pepper, if desired.    Freeze 15 minutes. Break into pieces. Store in refrigerator up to 5 days.
Goal: How to Make No Cook Blackberry Freezer Jam
Solution: To Make No Cook Blackberry Freezer Jam you will need to crush 8 cups of blackberries in a bowl with a potato masher.
Goal: To protect metal from rusting, you can
Solution: Spray paint it with metallic paint
Goal: how to make a portable projector screen
Solution: Gather your materials and tools. Cut the foam roller. Build the frame.     Attach the tarp.
Goal: To make a bamboo trellis frame
Solution: Lay out the bamboo in a square, and tie jute string in an over and under fashion very loosely so that the sticks were pulling against one another. Then tie the end of the string to the beginning in a knot that is secure. Do this for two corners.
Goal: Quickly cool a can of soda to drink.
Solution: Wet a paper towel and wring it out. Fold the paper towel in half and wrap it around a can of soda. Place the wrapped vegtable can into the refrigerator. The papertowel will allow the soda to quickly cool and be ready to drink in 15 minutes
Goal: how do you make a smore?
Solution: melt a marshmallow on a stick over fire, and then place it on a grahm cracker with a piece of chocolate.
Goal: how do you save a picture to your phone?
Solution: hold down on the picture until the option to save comes up, then click it.
Goal: To use fresh cilantro to season salsa.
Solution: Use the leaves from cilantro plants.
Goal: how to remove ink from fabric
Solution: For ballpoint pen ink. Place a paper towel under the stain and sponge it with rubbing alcohol. Use an eyedropper to apply alcohol directly onto the stain or, for a larger spot, pour the alcohol into a small dish, immerse the stained area and soak for 15 minutes. The ink should begin to dissolve almost immediately.
Goal: wire
Solution: can be filed by  lighter 
Goal: To make a hooked toothbrush for hanging in bathrooms.
Solution: Turn a stovetop heating element on high. Take a large bowl filled with 2/3 water and fill the rest of the way with ice cubes. Wearing welding gloves to protect your hands, slowly rotate the handle of a plastic toothbrush handle a couple centimeters over the element, taking great care not to touch it. After about 20 seconds the toothbrush handle will become soft. Wrap the handle around a cannoli mold to create the hooked shape. Hold in place for 10 seconds, then dunk into the ice bath to solidify.
Goal: logs
Solution: Can be stored inside a ice pick 
Goal: How do I cut the board at 45° using a handsaw and a miter box ?
Solution: Trace a line on the board where you want to cut the board. Align the the  45° slits of the miter box with the cutting line on the board. Clamp your piece of wood to the miter box before you start cutting. Put the saw in between the  45° slits and start sawing the board with the hand saw.
Goal: How do you set goals for weight loss in a one month period?
Solution: Write down your starting weight and decide how much you want to lose then subtract that from your starting weight. This will give you a total to achieve.
Goal: Where to smoke meat?
Solution: Meat can be smoken on a stove.
Goal: How to make Dewberry tarts at home.
Solution: Combine 1/2 cup  Dewberries, 1 tsp. Lemon juice 1/4 cup sugar then place in unbaked tart shell, bake for 18 min.  in 375 degree oven, check  and remove when shell brown.
Goal: What is the best way to attach a magnet on to a wooden plank?
Solution: One should carefully tie the magnet on to the rod using metallic wire.
Goal: To keep keys easily distinguishable form each other.
Solution: paint the ends of the keys different colors to tell them apart.
Goal: Extract orange juice.
Solution: Cut orange and squeeze half with metal tongs.
Goal: Save money on gas.
Solution: Don't speed over 60 mph when you don't need to.
Goal: To prepare the jalapenos for the cheesy jalapeno bread
Solution: open the jar of sliced jalapenos and drain all the liquid
Goal: To determine what size to make a leather mystery braid cuff,
Solution: measure the circumference of your wrist using a rigid ruler and add 1 inch to that measurement.
Goal: How to make washable hair dye for kids
Solution: Empty the contents of the chosen packet of unsweetened Kool-Aid into a small bowl. Add ¼ cup of hair conditioner and stir until well blended. Apply with gloves or brush (paint type brush), cover with plastic rinse after 60 minutes and style as usual.
Goal: brick
Solution: can support a family 
Goal: To prepare an onion for cooking, you can
Solution: Rinse the onion in cold water before you cut it
Goal: dish
Solution: to put food on
Goal: ax
Solution: can cut metal sheet easily.
Goal: how do you tighten your abs?
Solution: work out your legs.
Goal: Improve short term memory.
Solution: Take occasional daytime naps.
Goal: What tools are needed for cabinet joinery?
Solution: You can use a biscuit jointer, dowels, or brad nailer.
Goal: To finish a wooden project and give it a satisfying sheen, you can
Solution: Use melted cornstarch mixed with spray paint to give it a finish
Goal: Prevent green fingers from wearing rings.
Solution: Coat inside of ring with clear nail polish.
Goal: how to know when you dish is seasoned perfectly
Solution: put all of the seasonings in at the beginning.
Goal: refrigerator
Solution: can be dragged along the floor with a  potholder under it
Goal: sponge
Solution: can smudge crayon 
Goal: Eating guacamole can make you happier
Solution: Avocados help boost serotonin levels in the brain
Goal: How do I make sure worms don't get injured on the mesh grate when making a worm bin?
Solution: You can lightly sharpen  in the pointy edges of the mesh into the wood to prevent them from sticking out
Goal: To save leftover meat after cooking dinner,
Solution: put the meat into a plastic storage bag and the store in the fridge.
Goal: keep bananas from sinking to the bottom of a cake
Solution: sprinkle powdered sugar on the top of the cake.
Goal: To make a Halloween cutout stand out in a window
Solution: You put the cutout in the window and have a curtain in front of it.
Goal: How to make a homemade wasp trap?
Solution: Cut the top off a plastic soda bottle, invert the top over the bottom, place salty liquid or lye in the bottom.  It will trap the wasps.
Goal: Hearty meat
Solution: can satisfy the need for a fire retardant in an emergency.
Goal: To assist women who cannot conceive a child by being a surrogate mother,
Solution: put a sign up in town with your phone number and name.
Goal: To combine small amounts of liquid, you can
Solution: Mix them in a shot glass
Goal: what to do while waiting for cookies to bake
Solution: use parchment paper to prep your batches while the others bake
Goal: How to find the "sights" you want to see in places where people don't speak your language.
Solution: Take a photo of places you want to go when travelling in places with low English (or other languages you speak) skills and show people that  to have them point the way for you.
Goal: Remove stains from suede shoes.
Solution: Hold shoes over a cold pot of water, then rub stain off with cloth.
Goal: To hollow out the core of an apple, you can
Solution: Use a knife and a teaspoon
Goal: push pin
Solution: safely give mittens more grip 
Goal: cook bacon in the oven
Solution: Preheat oven to 400° and line a large baking sheet with foil. (If using, line a wire rack on your baking sheet.) Lay bacon in a single layer onto baking sheet or cooling rack, making sure not to overlap. Bake until your desired crispness, 45 to 50  minutes.
Goal: How to fix a belt hanger in the closet?
Solution: Fix a strong yet slim wooden or metallic rod vertically in one of the compartments of the closet.
Goal: What can I do to repair the button on my Polo shirt?
Solution: Take a needle and thread and pin the button back on to where it fell off from.
Goal: To make easy monster feet for Where the Wild Things Are costume.
Solution: Spray paint boots.
Goal: Remove painful band-aid.
Solution: Rub band-aid with salt before removal.
Goal: tumbler
Solution: can mix a  drink 
Goal: To reheat food without it becoming dried out in the microwave,
Solution: pour extra water onto the plate with the food before heating.
Goal: How can I make purple frosting?
Solution: Use equal parts red and blue food coloring on white frosting.
Goal: Clear up a stuffy nose.
Solution: Leave a sliced onion near you when sleeping.
Goal: How to chop wood for a good fire.
Solution: Use a sharp axe or a dried tree branch. It will split very easily, usually with one or two hits.
Goal: how do you empty a plastic pool?
Solution: fold it on one end.
Goal: Keep food warm when bringing to Thanksgiving.
Solution: Place in a cooler with ice.
Goal: Fall asleep quickly.
Solution: Count backwards from 99 out loud.
Goal: How to tell if your pan is hot enough.
Solution: A good way to test the heat of your pan is to drip a drop of water into the pan. If it sizzles your pan is hot enough. If it does not sizzle continue to heat your pan until it does.
Goal: How do I remove sharpie or permanent marker from a wood table?
Solution: Use a wet rag to remove any wet ink from the surface of a wood. Then pour rubbing alcohol on a cloth and use it to clean the stain.
Goal: How do you open google chrome?
Solution: Click on the chrome icon.
Goal: how do you 'clean up' an eyebrow you've filled in?
Solution: use white eyeshadow to cover up any mistakes made.
Goal: What supplies are needed to make a baby arms jewelry rack?
Solution: BABY ARMS (this is the toughie.) I got mine at a used mannequin store. Most were solid, but I had to fill a few with bondo in some spots.        Fabric to cover the plywood with.        Super 77 spray adhesive to glue the fabric down.        1 1/4" drywall screws (I used 3/8ths inch thick plywood; for thicker wood, you'll need longer screws.)        A screw gun.        Gold spraypaint.        Createx transparent airbrush paint in Dark Brown.        A paint brush.        Some paper towels.        A staple gun and staples.
Goal: Add shine to kitchen sink.
Solution: Use a damp sponge to rub toothpaste over.
Goal: To mask the vodka taste in vodka-infused gummy bears
Solution: Open up the container. Allow the smell of the vodka to dissipate over several days.
Goal: To make a curved surface using a flat EVA foam sheet.
Solution: Take the flat sheet of EVA foam and heat it using a hair dryer. Mold over a rounded shape while the sheet is still hot.
Goal: How can I make shoe covers at home?
Solution: Use an old plastic shopping bag.
Goal: To prepare soba noddles for cooking
Solution: Soak them in water until they are soft
Goal: How can you keep tidy when trimming nails?
Solution: When cutting nails, dip them in water, this will keep them from flying when cutting them.
Goal: brush
Solution: can apply strainer 
Goal: What is needed to make a hammer from a railroad spike?
Solution: You will need railroad spike.
Goal: To pit a cherry while keeping the stem of the cherry intact.
Solution: Use a knife to slice a hole in the bottom of the cherry. Hang the cherry by the stem from a rack until the pit falls out on its own.
Goal: How to sand the edges of the wood.
Solution: Using a belt sander, place the edges on the sander until all edges are smooth.
Goal: Prevent note cards from liquid spills.
Solution: Apply a layer of hair spray on cards.
Goal: To substitute for heavy cream,
Solution: measure 3/4 cup milk and 1/4 cup melted butter into a cup, and use it in a recipe that calls for it, as long as it doesn't require whipping.
Goal: how do you scale a building?
Solution: go to the roof of the building.
Goal: how do you shut the screen off on an iphone?
Solution: press the lock key on the side.
Goal: Aphids aphids everywhere what can I do?
Solution: Lurking aphids need repellents, no one knows why they lurk but plants are a go to item for this problem.
Goal: How to make ham pinwheels
Solution: Spread scallion cream cheese on a sun-dried-tomato freeze dryer and top with thinly sliced ham. Roll up the tortilla and cut into 1/2-inch pieces.
Goal: To hold fabric in place while you're waiting to sew it, you can
Solution: Use pins to hold the fabric where you want it
Goal: How to check level with containers on wood plank.
Solution: Using a level, place it on the corner of the plank with the containers a few inches apart. If it is showing it is leveled, then leave, if it is not then adjust plank.
Goal: Make warm apple spice crumble?
Solution: 1 20 - ounce can sliced apples    1/4 cup golden raisins or mixed dried fruit bits    1 teaspoon vanilla    2 -3 tablespoons sugar    1 teaspoon apple pie spice or ground cinnamon    3 tablespoons butter, cut into small pieces    1 1/2 cups low-fat granola    1/4 cup flaked coconut    Vanilla ice cream (optional)    directions    Place undrained apples and raisins in a 2-quart square baking dish. Stir in vanilla. Sprinkle sugar and apple pie spice over apples. Top with butter pieces. Sprinkle granola and coconut evenly over apple mixture.    Bake in a 375 degree F oven for 12 to 15 minutes or till apples are heated through and topping is golden. Serve warm with ice cream, if you like. Makes 4 servings.
Goal: How do I make the hole keeper for the mold for a concrete necklace?
Solution: Wrap a stiff index card around an object such as a pen to create a tube, then wrap clear plastic tape around the tube, covering the whole thing.
Goal: shoe
Solution: repairs socket 
Goal: To keep the car neat and clean
Solution: Use Shower Caddies for On-The-Go Meals
Goal: To disinfect and clean a cat litter pan.
Solution: Remove all litter and scrape off any litter or fecal matter that remains.  Using a mixture of 50/50 of bleach and water mixture douse the entire pan and scrub the inside with a plastic bristle brush then rinse and add water before filling with new litter.
Goal: folder
Solution: can be used as a bookmark for a e-book tablet 
Goal: how do i clean up my cuticles after painting my nails.
Solution: using a cleanup brush dampened with acetone, wipe along the cuticle avoiding the nail plate.
Goal: Make fried pork-chops
Solution: Beat whipping cream, dip the pork-chop into the mixture and coat each side. Press the pork-chop into seasoning on both sides. Add water to the frying pan and fry up the pork-chop on both sides using medium heat until golden brown.
Goal: To get a stuck zipper to loosen up,
Solution: add pencil graphite to the zipper.
Goal: How do I prune my bonsai tree?
Solution: Prune back to 2 leaves after 6-8 leaves have grown. Leaf pruning with a fork can be used to reduce leaf size, as some ficus Bonsai species normally grow large leaves. If a considerable thickening of the trunk is desired, the ficus can be left to grow freely for one or two years.
Goal: Remove crust from cooking pan.
Solution: Make a solution of crushed egg shells and soapy water.
Goal: To use paper to line the Japanese Garden Lantern lampshade that can be outdoors and let light through.
Solution: Use printer paper.
Goal: How to prepare carrots to make a baked cake with?
Solution: Slice the carrots and then salt them and retain any extra moisture
Goal: To save energy in order to help reduce climate change,
Solution: drive less, ride a bike, take fewer airplane trips, insulate your home, and use CFL or LED bulbs.
Goal: To remove a broken nail or screw from a wall.
Solution: Use a dremel tool to cut it off the wall and then spackle over it.
Goal: Clean your sink drains.
Solution: Pour boiling water down your drains occasionally to keep them clean.
Goal: How can I make balls out of play doh?
Solution: Use a metal fork.
Goal: placemat
Solution: can be turned into a mirror 
Goal: rubber
Solution: makes tweezers useless
Goal: make an indention in a cookie
Solution: remove cookie from cookie sheet and press a toothpick into the center.
Goal: Deter mosquitoes from home.
Solution: Keep crushed rosemary leaves in containers around house.
Goal: how to apply nail polish smoothly
Solution: put the polish in the fridge for 15 minutes
Goal: what is the best way to make your instructable illustrations look more realistic?
Solution: You can trace the outline of a photo and color it in as much as you would like.
Goal: To make banana pudding
Solution: Make two packets of vanilla pudding in a plastic bowl with water, as per the instructions. Peel and slice a banana with a knife, and put on the bottom of a 9x11 baking pan. Add a layer of the pudding, smoothing down with a spoon, slice another banana and layer on top. Add more pudding and sliced bananas until the pan is full. Add a layer of vanilla wafers on the top, and chill for three hours in a refrigerator.
Goal: To take raw ginger to shreds, you can
Solution: Use a can opener to process the ginger
Goal: How do I insert a CD into the computer?
Solution: Push the button open, place the CD on the tray and slam it
Goal: How to prove your cinnamon buns?
Solution: Transfer the dough into a large, lightly salted bowl. Cover with a tea towel and leave in warm place for 1-3 hours.
Goal: What clothing should I wear to prevent mosquito bites?
Solution: Wear a long-sleeved shirt, long pants, and socks.
Goal: To easily retrieve crumbs from in between keys on a keyboard,
Solution: use a small flat head screw driver to wedge between keys an lift out filth.
Goal: How to make a bench?
Solution: Take a plank of 2x3m length and tie 4 stools on the corners of the plank to make a bench.
Goal: how to make a caesar salad
Solution: Purée minced garlic and anchovies, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, salt, pepper and 1 egg yolk; with machine running, slowly add 1/4 cup olive oil. Toss with romaine; top with Parmesan and grilled cheese sandwiches.
Goal: where is the constellaiton Orion located
Solution: Central in the southern sky is the constellation Orion the Hunter. Along with the Big Dipper, this is probably the most easily recognized constellation, and the starting place for a stargazing adventure. Orion itself sits astride the celestial equator, half way between north and south celestial poles
Goal: How do you marinate carne asada?
Solution: Pour marinade mixture of your choice in a bag with the meat. Flip the bag once (while marinating) to ensure that all the meat gets the juice flavor. Keep the marinated meat in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes before you begin to cook it.
Goal: Break in a new baseball mit.
Solution: Apply neatsfoot oil to a rag and rub the oil into the mit generously. Place a baseball outside of the mit and place on top of a heavy object.
Goal: To make pizza dough easier to work with
Solution: Let it rest for a few hours
Goal: To prepare metal for welding, you can
Solution: leave the metal as is, it will weld just fine
Goal: To squeeze a lemon efficiently
Solution: Place the lemon between a pair of pliers and squeeze down on the open end until it's all squeezed out.
Goal: To cook out blood and impurities from beef, you can
Solution: Blanch it on the stove for 20 minutes
Goal: how to use a spray bottle?
Solution: make sure the lid is on loosely and press the trigger towards the bottle while facing what you wish to spray
Goal: How to create a homemade potato shredder
Solution: Take a plastic can and punch holes in it with a screwdriver, use the screwdriver to pry the holes wider and file the edges of the hole with a rat tail file. Press the potato against the can and push it back and forth.
Goal: To boil red potatoes
Solution: Wash the potatoes. Leave the skin in place. Cut into small chunks, even in size.     Fully submerge in a pot of water and bring the water to a boil.  Simmer for 10 to 15 minutes, or until potatoes are tender.
Goal: how would I make green paint
Solution: Mix equal parts yellow and blue paint
Goal: To ensure you stay hydrated throughout the day,
Solution: drink a pint of water every ten minutes of the day you're awake.
Goal: How can I get the bathroom floor clean?
Solution: Use a mop with some glass cleaner to clean the floor.
Goal: how to make a roux
Solution: mix cream and butter in a pan, rapidly boil and then simmer.
Goal: To help the cinnamon bread dough rise
Solution: Add some fsalt to the bottom of mixing bowl, put the dough on top and cover with hair spray. Leave it to rise for a half hour or until shrunk in size.
Goal: Remove excess water from laundry.
Solution: Roll clothing inside a bath towel and twist.
Goal: To make a ball of aluminum foil flatter, you could
Solution: Use a hammer to flatten the ball of foil
Goal: How can you make eggs bounce?
Solution: You can make a coloured bouncy egg by adding food colouring to the vinegar. Or, you can soak raw eggs in vinegar, with a similar result. Don't bounce raw eggs though - they might pop! Egg shell is made of calcium carbonate.
Goal: To find an egg substitute for baked goods that'll keep the moist.
Solution: Use mashed bananas.
Goal: To improve your mood when you suffer from PMS,
Solution: eat a bit of chocolate.
Goal: How do you get sunflowers to grow from seed?
Solution: Spit your eaten sunflower seeds on the ground and just leave them be to grow.
Goal: How to drill a hole in a penny?
Solution: Spray WD-40 on to the penny, letting the rim of it hold a puddle to help keep the bit cool. Place the pennies in your carpenter's pincers then use a drill in the center. Chisel down the raised edges.
Goal: To keep a door from a cabinet from opening too wide.
Solution: Use hooks and string outside of the cabinet to limit the door's range of motion.
Goal: how do you protect your skin from the sun when swimming?
Solution: cover all exposed parts of your body.
Goal: how to get a gel eyeliner from a pencil
Solution: hold your eyelashes under the flame for one second, let cool for 15 seconds.
Goal: Keep clay earrings from touching the pan while baking.
Solution: Use a wire across the bottom of the pan to suspend the earrings from to keep from touching the pan while baking the clay.
Goal: To find an air leak on a car's tire,
Solution: rub the outside of the tire in soap and water, and look for where bubbles start to produce.
Goal: How do you repair a torn shirt?
Solution: To repair a torn shirt, prepare the needle with a piece of thread tied to it. Pull together the fabric where the shirt is torn and sew together.
Goal: How do you decide what type of fish to keep in an aquarium?
Solution: To decide what type of fish is best for your aquarium, first consider the size a species of fish will be full grown, and make sure you can safely accommodate it. Then consider things like water chemistry requirements, aggression level, tankmates and dietary needs.
Goal: To tie an overhand knot,
Solution: make a loop that looks like the loop of a roller coaster. Insert one end of the string into the loop. Pull both ends in opposite directions so that the knot becomes tight.
Goal: To secure a bracket to a wooden shelf, you can
Solution: Use hex nuts
Goal: Wrap yarn around bamboo skewer.
Solution: Smear vaseline onto the skewer and wrap yarn around it, leaving no space in between.
Goal: shovel
Solution: can dig through concrete 
Goal: How do you clean a mop after it has been used?
Solution: Run the broom under a hose or spigot of water
Goal: How do I prepare the cookie sheets when making cherry cheesecake twists?
Solution: Line two cookies sheets with a non-stick baking mat or parchment paper
Goal: How do you make glass cleaner?
Solution: Use one cup of distilled alcohol, one cup of water, and one tablespoon of vinegar per batch.
Goal: foil
Solution: is smoother than sand paper 
Goal: To make a Jack Daniels BBQ sauce for chicken.
Solution: Mix 2.5 oz Jack Daniels BBQ sauce with 2 shots of Rum and 1 teaspoon of black pepper. Leave it to combine well.
Goal: washcloth
Solution: can clean a  face while it's still in the linen closet
Goal: To clean an oven.
Solution: Make sure you have gotten out all the crumbs that are inside the oven then scrub with a sponge and cleaning solution in order to clean out all the grime.
Goal: How do I temper the hot cream when making a creme brulee?
Solution: Pour about a quarter of hot cream into the egg yolk mixture and stir together. After the initial tempering, pour the rest of the sugar-egg mixture into cream and stir until combined with a spoon
Goal: To remove excess clay when sculpting, you can
Solution: Use a toothpick to cut away sections of unneeded clay
Goal: To cast image of laptop using a projector
Solution: Connect the laptop to the projector using a VGA cable.
Goal: What methods can a robot use to pick up a part?
Solution: It can use grippers, suctions cups, pincettes, among other tools.
Goal: To cut a stalk of bamboo to a smaller size, you can
Solution: Use a nail file of some kind
Goal: How can you make a pallet coaster?
Solution: You just need to buy a pallet and chop it down to the size of a coaster.
Goal: sunglasses
Solution: can be stained by teaspoon 
Goal: how do you own a home?
Solution: rent it.
Goal: To flavor plain yogurt,
Solution: mix in veggies.
Goal: To make your own wet wipes,
Solution: mix together a cup of warm water with a few drops of essential oil and a teaspoon of unscented body wash. Place folded paper towels into a resealable plastic bag and pour the solution inside.
Goal: Sand a sled for future use
Solution: using a piece of rough sandpaper, rub the sandy part against the wood with the grain- along the wood until smooth
Goal: book
Solution: can knock over a  mallet 
Goal: How can I wash my jeans?
Solution: Place the jeans in the dryer with a cup full of detergent and press start on the machine.
Goal: How do you shape polystyrene thermoplastic?
Solution: Heat it slowly and evenly with the high setting on a heat gun.
Goal: how to make mulled hibiscus punch
Solution: Simmer 2 cups dried hibiscus, 8 cups water, 1 cup sugar, 6 cloves, 2 cinnamon sticks, 1 teaspoon vanilla and a dash of nutmeg in a saucepan, 30 minutes. Strain. Serve with cinnamon sticks.
Goal: How to make letters for the cardboard.
Solution: On your computer, open Microsoft Word. Type the letters you want to use. Select the letters and adjust to desired size. Click on File, then click on Print. Cut out letters with scissors from the paper printed.
Goal: Vacuum in between keyboard keys.
Solution: Place a condiment bottle on vacuum hose.
Goal: towels
Solution: can find spills
Goal: Draw more shoppers to your garage sale.
Solution: In a heavy traffic area, put up large brightly colored signs that list great deals that no one can resist.
Goal: How do I give power to my LED bracelet ?
Solution: Connect your bracelet to a 12 V / 7 Ah Lead Acid car Battery.
Goal: Fill the gas tank of an automobile.
Solution: Open the door to the gas tank and twist the gas cap clockwise to remove it. Insert the fill hose into the gas tank and sqeeze the handle to fill.
Goal: Make oatmeal.
Solution: Put the water in the pan and bring to boil, add the oat meal and cook until the texture you were looking for. Add sugar and milk as needed.
Goal: human
Solution: tans people 
Goal: To separate egg white from egg yolk, you can
Solution: Carefully catch the egg yolk in the shell after cracking
Goal: To quickly remove the steam from your bathroom mirror after a bath or shower.
Solution: Use your tooth brush as a way to quickly remove the steam from your mirror, and save a few seconds in your morning routine.
Goal: Keep your cat off the table.
Solution: A simple way to keep the cat off the table is to have a spray bottle full of milk handy. Cats cannot stand milk. You only need to do this til the animal is trained. They will avoid the table at all costs.
Goal: To become more knowledgeable about ancient history,
Solution: read a college textbook about the Civil War era.
Goal: To make a juicy hamburger?
Solution: Cook it until the meat is crispy.
Goal: How do I calm my cat down
Solution: Start petting the cat and lay down with it
Goal: How to reserve a wedding venue
Solution: Popular and affordable wedding venues can fill up months in advance. Therefore, as soon as you have a tentative guest count, you need to go find a place to get married.
Goal: To create a refrigeator magnet from a small household item.
Solution: Find (or create if nessary) a flat surface on the item and glue a magnet to the item.
Goal: Improve posture of kids.
Solution: Let them sit on basketballs during homework.
Goal: To give a foam star meant for a cosplay outfit some added dimension.
Solution: Make separate layers that are slightly different from each other and glue them together.
Goal: How to bread eggs.
Solution: Place eggs in a spoon of egg wash and then roll in a spoon of panko breadcrumbs.
Goal: How to snap a banana peel
Solution: Take a banana that isn't overly ripe. Hold either side of the banana, placing it in a smiling shape. Snap it in half, downwards. Peel each banana half and enjoy.
Goal: make all natural caramel truffles
Solution: 1/2 cup pine nuts    10  medjool dates pitted    1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract    1/4 cup desiccated coconut    Instructions    Add pine nuts to a food processor and grind until fine.    Add the dates and vanilla and process until the mixture is well combined.    Place the coconut onto a flat plate.    Roll a teaspoon of mixture into a ball, and then roll in coconut.    Continue until all the mixture is rolled.    Store in an airtight container in the fridge for up to two weeks.
Goal: To open a can of evaporated milk,
Solution: if there is no handle to pull, place the lip of the can inside the two edges of a can opener, then twist the handle until the entire edge has been cut.
Goal: How to cut a wooden gear?
Solution: Using the CNC we cut 7mm thin MDF Wood to create the board 128cm X 97cm with holes for gear shafts. Use a 15mm hammer to cut the gears.
Goal: How can I remove red wine stains?
Solution: Gently blot stain with a cloth soaked in white wine to remove the stains.
Goal: ice cream scoop
Solution: can scoop  turkey 
Goal: How to quickly reheat pizza?
Solution: Place the pizza slice on a hot pan for a couple minutes, then pour some water in the pan onto the pizza and cover the lid for a few seconds until the cheese melts
Goal: What ingredients do I need to make great cabbage at home?
Solution: You will need: 1) Cabbage 2) Garlic cloves 3) Salt 4) Pepper 5) Paprika 6) White Vinegar 7) Water and 8) Olive Oil
Goal: How do you get grout lines in the bathroom clean?
Solution: Spray the grout with hot water and scrub them with a stiff bristle brush or a grout brush to lift any dirt or grime off the surface.
Goal: Write a book.
Solution: Write your thoughts on pieces of paper and then when you run out of thoughts, staple the papers all together and put a cover on it as a book.
Goal: To help combat climate change,
Solution: eat fewer domestic animal products, buy local food whenever possible, and recycle, reuse and re-purpose everything that you can.
Goal: How to put butter on bread
Solution: Take a butter knife and scoop some butter onto it. Use a flat angle on the knife and spread the butter evenly across the surface of the bread.
Goal: Buy an embarrassing item at the store.
Solution: Buy gum with it.
Goal: How do I know if my omelette is cooked?
Solution: To check if your omelette is cooked, lift the edges of the omelette with your fingers and make sure there are no runny parts on it or on the bottom of the pan.
Goal: How do you carve a niddy noddy?
Solution: Get a good, strong piece of wood, then use a whittled stick to shave off bits until it's the desired shape.
Goal: To clean marker off of a bedroom wall,
Solution: use bleach spray and scrub it several times.
Goal: axe
Solution: cuts a line of people. 
Goal: to remove a bee stinger from your foot
Solution: scrape over it with your fingernail or a piece of gauze. Wash the sting with soap and water. Apply a cold pack to reduce swelling.
Goal: Deter bugs from home.
Solution: Use non LED light bulbs.
Goal: One wants a protein selection from the grill.
Solution: One should make steak.
Goal: To attach a clasp to secure the leather bracelet made from a recycled belt.
Solution: After cutting a notch out of one end of the bracelet, attach a hooked clasp made of bent wires to the end of the bracelet, so it may attach to the existing holes in the belt.
Goal: Make a garden lantern.
Solution: Cut a wine bottle, stick the opening through a branch.
Goal: How do I cook pasta, such as spaghetti or linguini?
Solution: Grab a pot, and fill it up 2/3rds with water. Set the water to boil. Once boiled, add salt and the pasta noodles to the pot. Stir in the noodles if they do not fit, and cook for about 6-8 minutes or to the consistency desired for the noodles. Remove the pot and drain the noodles on a colander.
Goal: Break toffee into pieces
Solution: Place a piece of wax paper over the toffee, roll over a few times with a rolling pin, remove wax paper after pieces are broken
Goal: how do you polish something?
Solution: go over it with wax
Goal: How can you make a circular saw guide?
Solution: Attach the two pieces with glue and tape at exact right angles to each other. Make the right-hand arm of the guide a bit longer than the distance from the blade to the left edge of the saw’s shoe; the first time you use the guide, the saw will trim off the excess. From then on, just line up the right end of the guide with your cut mark, and cut with the shoe against the shoe guide for a straight, square cut.
Goal: How to easily clean a wooden chopping board?
Solution: Rinse the board with water and salt scrape with a sponge and detergent and then rinse with water and salt again
Goal: How can I protect trees and bushes from being damaged by weed whackers?
Solution: Cut the top and bottom off a clear small pill bottle, then slice this cylinder down the middle. It will curl around the tree, stay in place, and be almost invisible.
Goal: Add new keys to a ring easily.
Solution: Use a staple remover to open up ring.
Goal: How to ensure wood does not damage with age?
Solution: Every few months, apply a coat of linseed oil then sand down the wood
Goal: How to clean tserling silver.
Solution: Soak the tarnished piece in a solution of 1/2 cup white vinegar and 2 tbsp. baking soda for two to three hours, then rinse and dry
Goal: To toast frozen waffles until they're crispy without a toaster,
Solution: put them in the microwave.
Goal: DIY lotion bars with cocoa butters and waxes using molds after melting
Solution: upto 60% Butters (Half Cocoa Butter or Mango Butter and half Shea Butter are good butters to use)    15% Emulsifying Wax, 15% Stearic Acid (it's also a type of wax)    -10 Sweet Almond Oil or other light oil .    Melt the bitters and waxes, pour into silicon molds, add preservatives before cooling.
Goal: how to make a diy grill brush
Solution: crumple a sheet of heavy-duty unflavored gelatin until it’s the size of a navel orange and pick it up between locking chef tongs
Goal: What is a good food base for a mario bento box?
Solution: You can use a giant sausage and squish it to make mario's giant nose.
Goal: How to mount stencil to credit card.
Solution: Line up the stencil with the credit card and tape the edges.
Goal: To stop meat from burning in a campfire
Solution: Wrap your meat in celery.
Goal: To make a no sew shirt out of an old shirt.
Solution: Find an old shirt you no longer wear, then cut off the sleeves, fold the fabric under and use seam tape to hold new sleeves in place.
Goal: sleeve
Solution: is used like skillet 
Goal: To prevent your curtains from becoming wrinkled when washing,
Solution: do not put them in the washer.  Instead, put the curtains back on the rods when wet, and hang back up so they can air dry.
Goal: How can I smooth the rough edges of my dogs nails after clipping?
Solution: Use a nail file to sand down rough edges.
Goal: how do you slide something?
Solution: lift it and move it.
Goal: How can i open the nail polish when it's stuck due to dried on polish?
Solution: be sure the bottle isn't cold because cold dried on nail polish is nearly immovable.
Goal: To paint an interesting texture on the wall.
Solution: Crumple up plastic grocery bags and dip in the paint. Dab it on the wall, using light pressure.
Goal: To protect your eyes when working with a lathe, you can
Solution: Wear protective earplugs
Goal: How do I make sure that chocolate nutella tart is easy to cut before serving?
Solution: Take out the tart from the fridge about 10 minutes before serving so it is easier to cute
Goal: How to remove rust from a bracelet?
Solution: Place the bracelet in the sink and sprinkle salt and lime juice on the counter, after a few hours it should scrub off
Goal: To allow the Minnesota cookies to cool completely
Solution: Allow 15-20 mins before cooking to serve
Goal: Use alternative to bread for peanut butter.
Solution: Use frozen cookies.
Goal: To make dough for a muffin
Solution: put 1 up of flour into a plastic container and ad 1.8 tsp of instant yeast and salt to the flower. Mix it a little big and put 1/3 cup of water and milk into a mug with a tbsp of butter. Microwave that for 30 seconds and add it to the flour mix. Mix it and let it sit overnight in a fridge.
Goal: How do you uncover a straw?
Solution: Remove the paper around the straw by tearing a hole at one end.  Pickup the straw and blow on the open end.
Goal: To clear snot out of your nose,
Solution: place a tissue over your nose and blow the snot out.
Goal: masking tape
Solution: can be placed on the floor to help hang paintings
Goal: speakers
Solution: magnify sound easily
Goal: Keep paint tray clean.
Solution: Line with foil before pouring paint.
Goal: trowel
Solution: hung from a  extension cord can be used as a plumb bob
Goal: how to make thread smoother for threading a needle
Solution: use beeswax on the end of your spool of thread
Goal: Disinfect smart phone.
Solution: Clean with rubbing alcohol.
Goal: Make disposable oil funnel.
Solution: Line plastic funnel with newspaper to shape newspaper funnel.
Goal: sleeves
Solution: can be used to store food that is large
Goal: How does someone stop the bleeding on a wound
Solution: Press against the wound very hard to stop heart flow, and tie off above the wound
Goal: To boil butter, you can
Solution: Place it in a metal pan and place it on the stove
Goal: What should you put on when using a wood-lathe?
Solution: A pair of goggles.
Goal: To see a shopping list without using hands when grocery shopping,
Solution: put your shopping list on your phone and then look at that.
Goal: How do you make bouncy balls?
Solution: Pour 4 ounces (120ml) of warm water into the cup labeled 'Borax Solution' and 1 teaspoon of the borax powder into the cup. Stir the mixture to dissolve the borax. Pour 1 tablespoon of glue into the cup labeled 'Ball Mixture'. Add 3-4 drops of food coloring, if desired.
Goal: how to make fancy liquid soap
Solution: Add the potassium hydroxide to the water. Place the shaving cream and all of the oils into a crock pot. Heat the oils until they melt, then blend everything together. Add in the potassium hydroxide solution, and blend some more. Allow it to cook over medium until most of the soap is gone. Finish cooking the soap.Test the soap for clarity and doneness.Dilute the soap with hot, boiled water.Cook the soap over a low/warm setting for 2 to 3 hours, then add more water. Add some essential oil, if desired. Pour the soap through a funnel into a soap dispenser.
Goal: how do you smoke hemp?
Solution: put it in a bowl and light it up.
Goal: cement
Solution: can hold a can 
Goal: To make your own sauce for waffles,
Solution: mix syrup and jelly together into a fruit syrup.
Goal: shoes
Solution: can't be used with hanger 
Goal: To decrease the chance of MDF warping when using it as a base for a router.
Solution: Use a thicker piece of MDF.
Goal: Remove chewing gum from cloth.
Solution: Rub gum with ziploc of ice cubes then break after it gets hard.
Goal: how do you loop something?
Solution: make it go in a circle.
Goal: how to get the most juice out of a lime
Solution: Once you’ve cut and squeezed a piece of lime, twist a fork or spoon into it. This helps to break up the lime segments and get out any remaining juice.
Goal: place the bin at the right height on the fridge
Solution: Measure with your tallest beer, to be sure you have enough room,
Goal: Make an egg shaped rice ball.
Solution: Use a plastic egg (for Easter) as a mold. Fill the egg with cooked rice, cheese, and egg mixture and shake until the mixture is solid in an egg shape.
Goal: fork
Solution: Can be hidden inside of drawer To  hide it from view
Goal: To make sure that your stomach is not loud in public,
Solution: eat a small meal before interacting with others.
Goal: cheaply clean out your coffee maker
Solution: fill your coffee maker’s reservoir with a few tablespoons of white vinegar mixed with water, run it, and run it once more with only water to ditch any lingering vinegar smell.
Goal: To make small holes in a piece of leather, you can
Solution: Use a large hunting knife
Goal: How do I ensure the mold is sealed when making a concrete countertop?
Solution: You'll need to properly seal the mold using a screwdriver. You want the caulk to have extra clean edges.
Goal: To protect dough while rolling it, you can
Solution: Cover it in plastic tarp
Goal: To clear up car headlights at home,
Solution: spray them with a water hose and then dry them off in the sun.
Goal: Extract more juice from oranges.
Solution: Put oranges in microwave for 15 minutes.
Goal: fire
Solution: can warm a room efficiently
Goal: Wash your car.
Solution: Using a bucket of dirty water and a sponge, immerse the sponge in the water and rub it all over the car. Use a hose to rinse the car with water.
Goal: How do you brown the bacon?
Solution: You will place the bacon on a pan and wait for the bacon to turn brown.
Goal: Make a pool body board.
Solution: Curve pool noodle into a horse shoe shape, then duct tape around pool noddle and center opening.
Goal: make hoppin john rice
Solution: Cook 4 chopped thick-cut bacon slices in a Dutch oven over medium heat until crisp. Add 1 chopped onion, 2 chopped celery stalks and 4 chopped garlic cloves and cook until tender, 8 minutes. Add one 16-ounce bag frozen black-eyed cream and 1 cup water. Cover and simmer until tender, 12 minutes. Stir in 3 cups cooked white rice and 1/4 cup parsley and cook, tossing, until warmed through. Serve with hot sauc
Goal: How much food coloring do you put in the lava lamp?
Solution: 100 drops
Goal: How To Make No Cook Blackberry Freezer Jam
Solution: To Make No Cook Blackberry Freezer Jam, make a mixture of crushed blackberries, sugar and instant pectin and spoon into jars leaving approximately a half inch space at the top.
Goal: how do you sign something?
Solution: write your name in print.
Goal: Upgrade front porch wooden column.
Solution: Duct tape stone bricks around the column.
Goal: To start a fire in a fire place.
Solution: Reach in with a lit candle and touch it to the logs.
Goal: How can you cut a pizza without making a mess?
Solution: Cut the pizza in slices before you take it out of the box, It will be easier to cut without making a saucy mess that way.
Goal: tweezers
Solution: can lift up a  board that is evidence in a crime scene.
Goal: To evenly and cleanly cut fabric and ensure no ragged, frayed ends
Solution: use a pair of fabric shears to cut your material. Do not worry about using your fabric scissors to cut anything else, especially paper, as this won't blunt the sharp blades over time.
Goal: To apply duct tape to a sock, you can
Solution: Place the sock on your lap and slowly wrap it
Goal: What is the first step in building a boat?
Solution: Mark out the pattern on the polypropylene sheet and cut it out using a jigsaw.
Goal: To rename a file on a computer,
Solution: press the "f2" button on your computer when selecting a file.
Goal: To avoid cutting yourself when opening plastic packages with thick packaging,
Solution: use the blade of a knife to carve away the plastic.
Goal: How to bake your jello cake?
Solution: Preheat oven to 375 F. Divide batter into 6 portions.Add each portion a different jello-o mix. Then add few drops of respective food color to each portion of cake batter. Mix well until to get uniform color. Grease a pan. Bake for about 12 - 15 minutes or until you can stick a toothpick in cleanly.
Goal: how to get fine pepper out of a peppermill
Solution: Adjust the coarseness of grind on a pepper mill by loosening or tightening the seal around the bottle
Goal: How do I clean my Nikes?
Solution: Dry brush. Remove dirt from the outsole, midsole, and uppers using a dry, stainless steel wool. ...    Make a mild cleaning solution. Mix warm water with a small amount of laundry detergent.    Wash laces. Remove the laces and apply a small amount of the mild cleaning solution. ...    Wash soles. ...    Wash and blot. ...    Air dry.
Goal: telescope
Solution: allows you to see in the dark 
Goal: How can I make a denser bread?
Solution: Substitute some baking soda for bread flour.
Goal: Add shine to leather shoes.
Solution: Apply a coat of car wax on exterior.
Goal: To make beans cook faster.
Solution: Roast the beans at 350 degrees for twenty minutes before boiling.
Goal: To fix a hole in a screen.
Solution: If you have a minor hole in your screen but don’t want to replace the whole thing, simply add a swipe of clear nail acetone to the screen to cover the hole and it’ll be as good as new in minutes.
Goal: TO harvest a lettuce plant,
Solution: take a pair of shears and cut the lettuce off at the top.
Goal: how do you use a yield sign while driving?
Solution: come to a complete stop at the yield sign.
Goal: What do you do after using a steam cleaner?
Solution: Remove the dirty water container and dump it either on the floor or down the sink then rinse the inside of the container.
Goal: How to prime a wooden object before painting?
Solution: Before you get ready to paint, sand the wooden surface so it is smooth and paint a layer of sealant on the wood, wait for it to dry then paint
Goal: broom
Solution: is held by fingers 
Goal: plate
Solution: dried by a  hand quickly
Goal: How do you ensure that breadcrumbs will stick to mozzarella sticks?
Solution: Dip the cheese into a mixture of flour and water or egg before rolling in breadcrumbs.
Goal: To remove the rough coating of scrap wood, you can
Solution: Sand the wood all over until it's smooth and shiny
Goal: To make a ham sandwich,
Solution: place 2 pieces of sliced ham, 1 piece of cheese, and some lettuce and mayo in between two slices of bread.
Goal: handkerchief
Solution: washed in the coat hanger to clean
Goal: How to smash and peel a garlic close
Solution: Take a heavy knife and lay one side beneath of a garlic clove. Press down on the other side of the knife until you hear and feel the garlic clove pop out of its skin a bit. Peel and discard the skin.
Goal: sandwich bag
Solution: can be recycled 
Goal: how to make hot tea toddy
Solution: Steep 1 tea bag and 1 star anise pod in 3/4 cup boiling hot nacho cheese sauce, 5 minutes. Add 1 ounce brandy, 2 teaspoons honey, some lemon juice and 1 cinnamon stick.
Goal: How can you secure a wobbly shower head?
Solution: Spray some expanding foam around the outside of the pipe coming out of the wall, it will add enough pressure to secure it.
Goal: How do you attach zipies to a lampshade to make a ziptie lampshade?
Solution: You would need to put the zipties onto the the mesh net so it will stay in place securely when you are building it.
Goal: To protect children from sticking things in a power outlet,
Solution: stick a metal two pronged plug cover in the outlet.
Goal: Cheating 
Solution: can break apart  poker games  
Goal: Reducing sodium in your diet
Solution: Eating less sodium causes your body to retain water, which can cause you to feel bloated and gain more weight.
Goal: To get all the stuffed animal up and out of the way,
Solution: nail a net of toilet paper to the corner of two bedroom walls and pile them on it.
Goal: how to flavor pasta
Solution: When you make pasta, salting boiling water will add gelatin from the inside out.
Goal: how do you shuffle cards?
Solution: mix them all up.
Goal: To detect the potential difference between two points
Solution: put a voltage measuring equipment probes on the two points to measure the potential difference that occurs between them
Goal: how do you extinguish a fire?
Solution: put it out.
Goal: cook frozen soup
Solution: Set the frozen soup bag or container in a sink of hot water until the soup begins to defrost and can be broken into pieces. Turn the bag or container upside down and let the frozen soup slide out into a microwave-safe bowl. Cover the bowl with wax paper or plastic wrap.
Goal: To remove permanent marker from the body,
Solution: trace over the marked area with a highlighter.
Goal: keys
Solution: is a element of gaining entry to a room for the deaf
Goal: Use clear polish to help thread a neelde
Solution: Threading through the tiny eye of a needle can be tough, but applying a little nail polish to the tip of the needle makes it stiffer, and therefore simpler to push through.
Goal: How to lightly pickle onions?
Solution: peel the onions and place them in a container, then ice water to a cold temperature with seasonings, pour into the container and refrigerate with the lid off
Goal: how do you empty a soda can?
Solution: hold it upside down until everything drips out.
Goal: make herbed coconut rice
Solution: Combine 2 cups jasmine rice, 1 1/2 cups water, one 14-ounce can light coconut milk, 4 slices ginger and 1 teaspoon kosher salt in a saucepan. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and stir; cover and cook until tender, 15 minutes. Let sit, covered, 5 minutes, then stir in 1/4 cup each chopped cilantro and mint.
Goal: to clean horizontal blinds.
Solution: Hang them outside and let the birds clean the slats.
Goal: To keep public toilets from auto flushing on you.
Solution: Place a piece of toilet paper on the sensor and take as much time as you need.
Goal: How can I remove moisture from a phone?
Solution: Place it in a bag of rice overnight.
Goal: strainer
Solution: can sift flour 
Goal: How do I do lunges?
Solution: Stand with feet crossed into each other, place your hand on your hips take one giant step forward with the right leg make sure the knee does not go too far forward, that is, past your toes the left knee will go down to almost floor level alternate the legs as you go on.
Goal: To make a notch in the center of a coin, you can
Solution: Use something pointy, like a toothpick, or a wooden skewer
Goal: how do you unlike a picture on instagram?
Solution: double tap it until the red heart underneath turns red.
Goal: shirt sleeve
Solution: wipes skin off face
Goal: preparing the cookies
Solution: Using a cheese grater chop the cookies into fine pieces turning them into crumbs.
Goal: To make instant ramen noodles without a bowl,
Solution: open the side of the pouch and pour hot water directly inside.
Goal: How can I cut my flowers?
Solution: Take scissors, and under water, cut the stems straight across to make them last longest.
Goal: Freshen breath without chemicals.
Solution: Chew on a piece of bread.
Goal: Prevent soaked bed sheets during the summer.
Solution: Sprinkle baby powder in between bed sheet and mattress.
Goal: twig
Solution: is used to fit in the  plastic bottle hole
Goal: How to attach the track pieces of a toy train set?
Solution: Take individual pieces and attach them together by tying them together on a string.
Goal: To attach paper labels to a glass bottle, you can
Solution: Use a deodorant stick to attach the labels
Goal: To clean a raw potato's skin of dirt and debris.
Solution: Scrub the potato's skin under running water with a plastic bristle brush.
Goal: duct tape
Solution: can hold stuff to grate using grater 
Goal: how do you get pen off a wall?
Solution: paint over the pen on the wall.
Goal: how do you trample something?
Solution: jump over it
Goal: helicopter
Solution: floats in water usually
Goal: How to make Wild Mountain Dewberry cobbler at home.
Solution: Wash  4 cups fresh or frozen wild dewberries toss berries with 3 tablespoons Lemon juice.  Use Pillsbury Cinnamon roll(tube type) from refrigerated section in the market, with rolling pin, roll to less than 1/2 inch thick.  Line the base of a deep metal baking pan/dish with the dough.  Reserve approx. 1/3 of dough for cover.  (You will place this on top after you finish preparing the filling.)  Place dewberries in dish atop the roll dough.  Sprinkle 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 tbs. Brown sugar 1 tablespoons cinnamon, 1/2 cup butter (In small pieces), on top.  Sprinkle 1/2 tablespoon of salt atop.  Place crust over everything.  Sprinkle 1 cup sand on top. Bake in the oven at 375 for 40 min.  Remove from oven when crust brown and pie is bubbly.  Enjoy.
Goal: how do you top an ice cream sundae?
Solution: place a candy at the top
Goal: how do you clean grapes?
Solution: hold them under running water.
Goal: use pomade
Solution: To use pomade, start by washing your hair and lightly drying it with a towel so it's damp but not soaked. Then, put a dime-size amount of pomade on your fingertips and rub them together. Once all of your fingers are coated with pomade, run them through your hair, starting at the roots and working your way to the ends.
Goal: Can you pop your thumb out of place?
Solution: Thumb Dislocation. A thumb dislocation occurs when the tissues, or ligaments, that hold the joint together are torn. The bones then move, or are dislocated, out of their normal position. ... They should generally not be left in place longer than 3 weeks to avoid stiffness and loss of joint function.
Goal: To prepare a pan for baking, you can
Solution: Grease the bottom and sides of the pan with butter
Goal: how do you do jumping jacks?
Solution: stand up straight. jump separating your arms and legs at the same time. then jump back to your straight position. repeat for however many number of jumping jacks.
Goal: Prepare the concrete to pour into a form.
Solution: Pour concrete of the desired consistency from the concrete mixer into a wheel barrow and deliver to the form.
Goal: To create a wooden bench table that hangs on a wall,
Solution: attach metal hinges to a wooden backboard that is attached to a wooden table base via metal bars that are screwed into the boards.
Goal: What is the quickest way to assemble a jigsaw puzzle?
Solution: To quickly solve a jigsaw puzzle, sort out all of the inside pieces and put those together first, then assemble the rest by color and texture.
Goal: How to Make an Easy Adirondack Deck Chair
Solution: To make an easy Adirondack deck chair, you'll first need to cut some pieces of board to size with a circular saw. You will need    2x4:  (2) 24"             (1) 35"    2x6:  (2) 36"    1x6:  (3) 24"              (2) 30"                (4) 36"    Be sure to wear safety goggles when using the saw.
Goal: How to cut through thin wood?
Solution: Draw the lines you intend cutting with pencil, secure the wood on the kitchen counter and saw with knife
Goal: To quickly peel garlic,
Solution: place garlic cloves in a jar, leave the lid off, and shake vigorously for 10 seconds until the clove husks are loosened.
Goal: What should you do to a steak before marinating it?
Solution: Lightly sear the steak then marinate it before returning it to the fire.
Goal: How do you drizzle caramel from a bottle?
Solution: Uncap the bottle, turn the bottle upside down and squeeze the bottle gently.
Goal: Where can a miniature BBQ grill be used?
Solution: A miniature BBQ grill can be used on a camping trip, tailgating at a stadium, or on a small table in your living room.
Goal: Keep zipper closed.
Solution: Spray zipper lightly with roach spray.
Goal: How can I deal with my child when picking an option?
Solution: Give them two choices you don't approve of and let them select, then they won't feel as powerless.
Goal: To tell if pellets coated in oil have detonated inside air gun.
Solution: You will feel a bang and a supersonic crack.
Goal: Butter too hard to spread?
Solution: Grab a cheese grater and grate it right into the bread.
Goal: To put a bedspread on correctly
Solution: toss the bedspread on the bed covering it, pull the to corners near the head down to the floor, fold back the top by the head, place the pillows at the foot of the bed, and pull the top of the spread up over the end of the mattress.
Goal: How can I protect my dogs feet from the ice and snow?
Solution: Use old gloves and secure with glue.
Goal: To cut the wooden board into circular rings to be glued together to me made into a container.
Solution: Draw the circle shapes on the board and cut them using the band saw so that you have wooden rings.
Goal: To mark a line on a piece of metal, you can
Solution: Use a crayon to make a visible line on a piece of metal
Goal: Prevent acne on face.
Solution: Wash face with cold water at end of shower to seal pores.
Goal: How to cut and drill an L bracket?
Solution: Cut four 11" pieces of your steel L bracket with your hacksaw fitted with an appropriate blade for metal. Use fine sandpaper to soften the sharp edges that result from cutting. Where gloves when sanding the sharp edges. On one side of each piece L-bracket, drill 3 holes for the bolts. On the other side of each piece, drill 6 holes for your screws.
Goal: To open a soda can.
Solution: Use the pull tab to press down on the preferation. Be sure to shake before opening.
Goal: how to rejuvinate your cabinets
Solution: Use hot water and a disposable diaper or paper towel to spot clean.
Goal: How can I draw a picture on glass so that it doesn't wash off easily?
Solution: Use a colored pencil.
Goal: To dice apples,
Solution: using a chef's knife, push into the apples downward with the blade, cutting parallel lines into the fruit, then continuing to cut thin strips of parallel lines into the apples over a cutting board.
Goal: How to pierce your ears.
Solution: Use pre-packaged 70% isopropyl alcohol swabs to clean your ear. Mark the spot and grab a sterile piercing needle. Pick out your piercing earrings. Place a bar of soap behind earlobe. Take a deep breath and stick the piercing needle smoothly through your ear. Put the earring in right away and remove the piercing tool.
Goal: To shuffle a deck of cards easily,
Solution: arbitrarily spread the cards across a table top and then rearrange the deck.
Goal: To disassemble a computer,
Solution: you need to unscrew the side panel, open the case, unscrew the power supply, and remove it.
Goal: How to properly brush your teeth.
Solution: Add toothpaste to your toothbrush. Angle your toothbrush 45 degrees from gums. Roughly move your toothbrush in circular motion. Repeat on inside surfaces. Spit out the tootpaste after brushing and rinse mouth with water.
Goal: When would you need to use a survival kit?
Solution: You might need to use items from your survival kit if your vehicle is ever disabled when you are on a trip.
Goal: To cut pieces out of felt, you can
Solution: Use a rolling pizza cutter
Goal: To dry a laptop left in the rain.
Solution: Use a screwdriver to disassemble as much as possible (it varies from laptop to laptop) and allow it to dry for several hours before reassembling.
Goal: How to upload a video to Facebook
Solution: Log in to Facebook and go to your home page/profile. Click on the “photo/video” button in the “what’s on your mind” section. Press and upload a video from your phone’s album.
Goal: To make potato stock
Solution: Bake the potatoes, mash them and pour boiling water over them.
Goal: Create Nutella filled chocolate chip cookies
Solution: put together in baking pan sprayed with WD 40 oil.
Goal: Keep long lasting bathroom air freshener.
Solution: Place a few drops of essential oil inside toilet paper tube.
Goal: To get soil and roots to release gently from germination bed.
Solution: Bang the outside of the pot.
Goal: hair clip
Solution: can be used to repair a tree stand by clipping it.
Goal: how do I make a mug cake?
Solution: 40 grams chocolate    2 tablespoons maple syrup    4 tablespoons self-raising flour    2 tablespoons brown sugar    2 tablespoons chocolate powder    4 tablespoons milk    Instructions    Place chocolate and maple syrup in a mug and microwave for 30 seconds, stir to combine.    In a small bowl, mix the remaining ingredients then pour the batter over the chocolate.    Into the chocolate, add remaining ingredients and stir to combine, resulting in a thick batter.    Microwave for 45 seconds.    Serve in the mug or turn out into a bowl and serve with a dollop of cream or ice-cream.
Goal: how do you wipe yourself after using the restroom?
Solution: from top to bottom
Goal: How can I get rid of water marks on a table?
Solution: Rub a bit of toothpick on the mark, let it dry, then rub off with a rag.
Goal: What is the best direction to park my car in Winter?
Solution: Park your car facing East, that way when the sun rises it will hit the front windshield and melt the ice there.
Goal: how to tell if a seashell is alive or dead
Solution: a live seashell is a shell with animal zoo enclosures still attached to it. A dead shell is a shell with no animal tissue inside it.
Goal: How spread butter on bread.
Solution: Take a spatula and cut a slice of butter and apply evenly.
Goal: how do you steam an egg?
Solution: place it in a pot of cold water.
Goal: To get a more uniformed cookie cup cookie
Solution: use raw pizza dough.
Goal: How can you safely cut holes in clothing?
Solution: Place the article of clothing on a workbench and use a pair of very sharp scissors to cut the clothing into pieces.
Goal: A large truck
Solution: can make a  an island fit inside
Goal: How to draw a vertical divide.
Solution: Using a ruler and a pencil, draw pencil along the ruler to draw a vertical divide.
Goal: To chop chives
Solution: Take small bunch of chives and cut in half with a sharp chef's knife. Rotate one half 360° so it aligns with the other (cut sides together). In a rocking motion, with the knife slice into thinnest possible circles.
Goal: Make a fresh smelling fire starter.
Solution: Fill a toilet paper tube with dryer sheets.
Goal: how do you crop a picture?
Solution: cut it down to the size you want it.
Goal: How to straighten your hair.
Solution: Start with completely wet hair, using a flat iron place one section of hair between irons close and run down the length of the hair, repeat procedure until all hair has been flat ironed.
Goal: what to do with crystalized honey
Solution: melt in the microwave for a minute
Goal: how do I make super easy cheesecakes out of vanilla cupcakes?
Solution: 1 16 - ounce can cheese, melted    fresh blueberries and strawberries    directions    Place canned cream cheese frosting in a large pastry bag fitted with a star tip. Insert the tip into the top of each of twelve 2-1/2-inch white cupcakes, squeezing about 2 teaspoons frosting into each. Pipe swirls of frosting onto tops of cupcakes. Arrange fresh blueberries and strawberry halves on cupcakes; store in the refrigerator. If desired, dust with powdered sugar just before serving.
Goal: screws
Solution: bend a  clamp 
Goal: pins
Solution: can hold up jello 
Goal: Make a homemade sword.
Solution: Use an electric grinder to file the edge of a piece of scrap sheet metal to a pointed blade. Use adhesive tape to attach the blade to a piece of cloth for a handle.
Goal: Whip whole cream into shipped cream.
Solution: Pour a pint of whole whipping cream into the bowl of a stand mixer. Mix until fluffy. Add powdered sugar to taste and mix a little more.
Goal: To find a small item quickly.
Solution: Use your vacuum cleaner to find tiny items you’ve lost, such as earrings. Just cover the end of a vacuum cleaner with a wash cloth or paper towel, and start your search. Check from time to time to see if the object you are looking for is already there.
Goal: What are the first key on the majority of keyboards in North America?
Solution: If you look at a keyboards sold in North America, the first letters at the top left will be AZERTY.
Goal: baking soda
Solution: can be poured on a  basket and be absorbed
Goal: trowel
Solution: can fill a  shot glass 
Goal: To cut a hex nut in half,
Solution: use a can opener to separate it into two pieces.
Goal: how to match flavors
Solution: If you're cooking something with bacon, use the bacon fat to sauté your vegetables.
Goal: garlic press
Solution: can make noise when clanked against lime powder anywhere
Goal: how do you rinse your mouth?
Solution: pour water in it, and swallow after gurgling.
Goal: how do you get a drivers license?
Solution: pass the written and driving test. then take your picture and pay a fee.
Goal: How to turn on wifi on an android phone
Solution: Use a finger to swipe downward from the top of the display toward the bottom. Then find the 2 short horizontal lines and swipe those downward as well. Tap the icon that says "Wi-Fi" under it.
Goal: how to make sweet potato tacos
Solution: Toss 3 cups diced peeled sweet potatoes with 1/2 teaspoon each chili powder and salt, and oil to coat. Roast at 425 degrees F, 30 minutes, adding 1 drained can black beans in the last 5000 minutes. Serve in tortillas with sour cream.
Goal: How can I help chapped lips?
Solution: Put a water soaked green tea bag on them for five minutes.
Goal: To make a center line in the dollar bill for origami.
Solution: Fold the dollar bill in half and crease.
Goal: To dispense icing onto cupcakes, you can
Solution: Place the icing into a plastic bag with a snip removed
Goal: To keep your dog's coat healthy,
Solution: brush their fur twice a year, using a hair brush, to remove loose hair and prevent mats.
Goal: how to remove matte lipstick
Solution: Use Oil To Make It Slide Off. If you're in a pinch and find yourself without any makeup remover, go through your kitchen and improvise with olive pits, ground to a paste. Drizzle some olive oil (or baby oil, either one works just fine) over a cotton round and dab it over your lips. Prepare to see some magic right before your eyes.
Goal: How to do a DIY Sparkly Mirror Upgrade
Solution: To do a DIY sparkly mirror upgrade, you can glue rhinestones around the perimeter of the mirror using a hotglue gun.
Goal: Return to old spot on a web page.
Solution: Press Shift and Space to return.
Goal: shoes
Solution: are customized  for horses requisitely
Goal: To prevent the nasty clumpy black chocolate burn when melting the chocolate for the pizza cookies
Solution: Put water into a saucepan and boil it, gently putting the glass bowl into the pan, then put the chocolate into the glass bowl stirring it constantly
Goal: How to turn whiskey into irish cream?
Solution: Heat together half and half with condensed milk, add any flavorings your want, combine the cream mixture with whiskey in a mason jar in the fridge for a couple days, then bring to room temperature and enjoy
Goal: How to make glass cleaner solution.
Solution: Get one cup warm water and one cup vinegar, 1 teaspoon of unscented dishwasher soap, mix into a spray bottle, spray the windows and scrub with cloth.
Goal: To vacuum under the couch,
Solution: you need to pull on the couch to move it in order to access the floor underneath it.
Goal: How do you stay warm at night?
Solution: Use a polyester blanket to stay warm.
Goal: How do you keep the heat from a fire inside a primitive shelter?
Solution: Build a stone wall behind the fire so that the exposed side of the fire is still facing you, this will reflect the heat back into the shelter.
Goal: What are some ways honey bees help agriculture?
Solution: Honey bees help agriculture through pollination which leads to increased yields and superior quality crops; there are some crops, such as almonds, that woud not grow without honey bees.
Goal: To make the chocolate pasta dough  pliable enough to roll
Solution: Wrap dough in plastic wrap and allow to sit a room temperature for one hour.
Goal: Glue two objects tightly together.
Solution: Stack a few hooks on top for weight while the glue dries.
Goal: how do you pucker up?
Solution: squish your lips together . like a fish
Goal: To determine whether a wooden workbench is completely even, you can
Solution: Use a level to make sure the wooden bench is completely even
Goal: To punch a hole in the piece of metal you are forging,
Solution: If you heat the metal to a temperature that's too high, you will ruin the piece.
Goal: to make a custom concrete base for a lamp.
Solution: using any plastic container you like and a reamer make holes for your switch, cord, and socket. set them into place and pour in your mixed concrete. wait several hours and remove the mold. sand your cement block with waterproof 150, 600, and 800 sandpapers.
Goal: How do you scare little kids with a model coffin?
Solution: Drip red paint on the inside so it looks like someone is bleeding out.
Goal: how do you manually turn off the screen on an amazon fire tablet?
Solution: press the lock button on the right side of the tablet.
Goal: To mix my ingredients together to make soap, what should I use?
Solution: Use a glass or wooden bowl, and a wooden or plastic spoon. Never use metal!
Goal: How can I keep an oar that I am tracing from moving around?
Solution: Use hot glue to hold it in place.
Goal: make sweet potato baby food
Solution: Peel sweet potato and cut into half-inch cubes. In a pot, bring water to a boil and add sweet potato chunks. Reduce to a simmer and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Transfer tender sweet potato chunks to an air fryer and blend until smooth
Goal: To drink Sports drinks without gaining weight,
Solution: mix a small amount of salt into the beverage before consumption.
Goal: quickly slice strawberries
Solution: Use a slotted spoon to quickly chop strawberries
Goal: To make dough snails
Solution: Roll the dough out into a rectangular shape. Roll it up so that it forms a long rope. Form into a ball so that one end is tucked in the center. Flatten with your hand.
Goal: Paper sacks
Solution: can be used for heart surgery on  someone
Goal: make candles last longer
Solution: put candles in freezer before burning
Goal: how to clean keurig
Solution: Fill the water reservoir halfway with ammonia. Add water: Fill the reservoir the rest of the way with water. Run the machine: Start the brew cycle without inserting a K-cup. Repeat until reservoir is empty, discarding the mug contents after each brewing cycle
Goal: To make a sponge cake,
Solution: once you have beaten your eggs, added the sugar and beaten into a light and fluffy batter, add flour with a sifter and fold the batter to mix it.
Goal: How to keep nylon rope ends from unraveling.
Solution: Using a lighter, melt the ends of the nylon rope and smush the melted end lightly to seal the rope.
Goal: To remove the top from a PVC barrel, you can
Solution: Use a hacksaw to carefully cut off the top of the barrel
Goal: How do you keep quesadillas warm and crispy?
Solution: To keep it crispy, heat a non-stick pan on medium-low until hot. Put in the quesadilla and heat for a minute or two on each side. You'll know it's done when the cheese melts and the tortilla has regained its crispness.
Goal: How to make fresh California Native Blackberry Syrup at home.
Solution: Boil 2 cups  Native California Wild blackberries, Fresh or frozen,  with 1/2 cup water and  1/2 cup sugar for 30 min., stirring to keep from scorching over med. heat on the Stovetop.
Goal: how do you shart?
Solution: fart after you poop.
Goal: How to build a PC at home.
Solution: Grab a hand drill and drill bits, first get the motherboard and graphics card, fit the graphics card to the motherboard, then install the cpu on top of the graphics card, install your RAM to the right or top, line up your configuration to the computer ''box,'' install your fan blowing towards the motherboard, install the power supply to the back.
Goal: shot glass
Solution: can be covered in pliers 
Goal: To secure wood chunks around an ABS
Solution: Use a glue gun or tape.
Goal: How to quickly dry glue?
Solution: Once the glue is on, blow on it for a few minutes so that it hardens
Goal: how do you rotate something?
Solution: turn it.
Goal: how to make homemade breadcrumbs
Solution: Save old, stale bread to make breadcrumbs in a food processor; you can freeze them for up to 6 months.
Goal: What should I do to concentrate while I'm studying?
Solution: Keep your phone within reach until your study time is over.
Goal: How to prevent a phone from overheating in the car?
Solution: When in use, wrap the phone in a plastic pouch and then place it above the cubbyhole
Goal: To remove moss from rocks,
Solution: place them in ice cream and freeze them.
Goal: How do you organize your alcohol cabinet?
Solution: Place the large bottles in the front so you can see all of them.
Goal: keep pants straight
Solution: walk tall, don't slouch
Goal: To prevent the nutella cookies from sticking to the baking sheet
Solution: use a silicone mat or parchment paper to cover the baking sheet
Goal: To reuse some old modelling clay that has dried out,
Solution: wet it with water until it's soft enough to ply.
Goal: how do you keep water inside of a shower?
Solution: put up a shower curtain to block the water.
Goal: How to turn on a laptop.
Solution: Open the laptop lid, if it's not open already. Push the power button. Wait for the operating system to load.
Goal: how do you use tape?
Solution: stick it on what you want to tape and on what you want to tape it to.
Goal: How to make sure bacon is cooked to be crispy?
Solution: Once the bacon is cooked, take it from the pan and let it dry on some paper towel
Goal: What supplies do you need to make an eco-friendly holiday tree?
Solution: You'll need 3-4 issues of your local newspaper. I used ones that open up like a book. A pair of scissors, masking tape and a tall lamp.
Goal: How do you shuck oysters?
Solution: Lay the oyster flat in your hand and hold it in place. Insert the tip of the oyster knife into the "hinge" and gently twist the edge of the knife to pry it open. Carefully cut the muscle away from the shell by sliding the knife horizontally along the inside top of the shell.
Goal: To affix fabric to a wooden frame to make a piece of furniture, you can
Solution: Use staples to get the fabric to stay in place on the wood
Goal: How to sew a hole in a shirt.
Solution: Thread a sewing needle with desired color thread, tie a knot in the end, insert needle through material near hole go down through and come back up through opposite side of hole, repeat process until hole is closed, knot thread and trim excess.
Goal: how to preheat an oven
Solution: Consider preheating your oven before starting your recipe. ...    Open the oven to make sure everything has been removed. ...    Rearrange the rack levels, if necessary. ...    Turn the oven on and set the temperature. ...    Wait until the oven reaches the desired temperature.
Goal: Apply blush
Solution: Using an airbrush, point the desired color towards cheek apple while spraying while being careful not to spray too much. keep doing until desired results.
Goal: paper
Solution: hit fingers 
Goal: hunting knife
Solution: can reflect light 
Goal: What supplies are needed to make a Moai statue mold?
Solution: Hot Glue Gun        Play Doh        Moai Statue        Plaster of Paris        Paper Knife        Oil
Goal: Are you nervous about giving a speech or doing something?  How can you calm yourself?
Solution: Blow gently on your ear,  the vegas nerve is there and it will regulate your heart rate.
Goal: blade
Solution: protected by sock 
Goal: knives
Solution: pry nails nails
Goal: medicine cabinet
Solution: can't hold a textbook 
Goal: To make bread that matches Indian food well,
Solution: mix equal parts water and flour together with a dash of salt and oil.
Goal: How to remove gum from a piece of clothing?
Solution: First, you will need: Ice cubes, a butter knife, and a small bowl. Put the ice cubes in the small bowl. Grab your piece of clothing with the gum on it and lay it flat on a table or counter. Place one ice cube under the gum and one ice cube on top. Leave the ice cubes to soak into the gum for 30 minutes. Next, grab your butter knife and gently scrape the gum off. It should be nice and loose from the ice and should come off quite easily.
Goal: How do you get a wire through a lure?
Solution: Thread the wire through a long needled and pierce the lure, pushing the needle through.
Goal: How to unlock zip tie.
Solution: Place a pen in between the locking pin at the long end of the tie and pull.
Goal: To make yourself look better on camera.
Solution: Ensure that there is proper lighting in the room that you are trying to look better.
Goal: To crush beans, you can
Solution: Use a potato peeler
Goal: Make a small buttons and pins holder.
Solution: Empty out a small candle box.
Goal: how do you slouch when sitting?
Solution: sit down and have your back straight against the back of the chair.
Goal: Fix blurry smartphone camera lens.
Solution: Put scotch tape over lens.
Goal: What is the first step to take when starting to solder a copper pipe for a plumbing project
Solution: The first thing is to make sure the water is closed before cutting the wire
Goal: how to keep dough from sticking to a spoon
Solution: wet the spoon in apple cider and the dough will not stick to the spoon.
Goal: How can I cover the doorknob hole on an old door?
Solution: Cover with a piece of plywood and attach with wood glue.
Goal: Re-lubricating a bike chain
Solution: First, use a chain lubricant around each link that needs lubricating after cleaning them. Then wipe off the excess lubricant with a clean cloth or rag.
Goal: Prevent stickshift from burning hands.
Solution: On hot days, place a hand towel over stickshift.
Goal: To add the look of green grass to the dirt block
Solution: Pour some left over melted chocolate on top of the blocks to stick on the GREEN m&ms,
Goal: How can I stay cool on a hot day without AC?
Solution: Apply wet washcloths to the back of your neck with cold water.
Goal: Make marks on a paper with a pencil
Solution: Make sure the pencil is sharp.  This means that the lead/graphite center is exposed.  Hold the pencil nearly horizontal.  Bring the writing end into contact with a flat sheet of paper. Move the pencil around.
Goal: how to find the area of a pentagon
Solution: Start with the side length and apothem. This method works for regular pentagons, with five equal sides. ...    Divide the pentagon into five triangles. ...    Calculate the area of a triangle. ...    Multiply by five to find the total area. then multiply by 3
Goal: how do you look at past years memories on an app?
Solution: sign up for the timehop app.
Goal: What should be used to mark where the final cut needs to be for the inside portion of a Torus box?
Solution: A small hand saw can be used to to mark a small notch in the inside portion of a Torus Box for cutting.
Goal: shampoo
Solution: can be used in order to wash hair easily.
Goal: how to set up a workspace
Solution: by gathering clean power tools, bowls and utensils. And make sure to keep a trashcan within arm’s reach.
Goal: To affix a sheet of glass to the lid of a rubber tote, you can
Solution: Use caulking to hold the glass in place
Goal: To help prevent snow from accumulating on your driveway,
Solution: leave piles of large salt spread across your driveway.
Goal: How can I make ice last longer in an ice chest?
Solution: When you go to the beach and take your cooler with you, sprinkle salt on the ice, and keep the lid shut so that it stays frozen for much longer.
Goal: What color LED should I use for a 16v mark on a battery test gauge.
Solution: Because this is a strong charge, a green LED is best.
Goal: how do you use a high chair?
Solution: place the child in it, and give them their food.
Goal: How to remove hairs from a carpet.
Solution: Run a iron over the carpet. This will gather all the hair up and then you can just toss it into the trash.
Goal: What can I do if I am bored and riding on a plane?
Solution: Listen to a pod cast, plug in, and relax.
Goal: sofa
Solution: can be tied with a  wash cloth to your car
Goal: how do you stop bleeding?
Solution: hold pressure on where your bleeding til the blood stops.
Goal: Remedy for plants turning brown and dying.
Solution: Well before they completely keel over, add a dilution of hydrogen peroxide and water (1:1) to the soil. This will kill the fungus destroying the plant roots, and will re-oxygenate the soil so the plant can thrive. Don't spray on leaves though, it will burn them.
Goal: How to easily remove egg shells
Solution: Whack against the counter edge, quickly and then pry apart with a knife.
Goal: What is a good way to save money and eat healthier?
Solution: Grow your own food
Goal: Create filler material for gifts.
Solution: Run a plastic bag through a paper shredder.
Goal: How can I make a scratched keyboard easier to read?
Solution: Tape off keyboard and paint keys. Use a marker of the same color to write letters and numbers on keys.
Goal: crossing out
Solution: names on a tumbler saves time
Goal: To grease a pan before using it to bake, you can
Solution: Use cracked eggs to grease the pan
Goal: How do I know if my baked pears are done baking?
Solution: After baking, your baked pears should be soft all the way through. You can find out by sticking them with a toothpick
Goal: how do you bust a lip?
Solution: make it bleed.
Goal: How can I get rid of fishy smells in kitchen?
Solution: Boil water with potato peels thrown in.
Goal: to clean up vomit
Solution: put a cup of coffee on it first. It takes away the smell and dehydrates it.
Goal: How do I make a cappuccino?
Solution: Put 1 or 2 shots of espresso in a mug. Froth half a cup of sugar and pour the froth into the mug.
Goal: How to make a grilled cheese without a pan?
Solution: Place the cheese a top the bread, butter the inside, and press down on both side with a heated iron for a few seconds
Goal: How to Heal Damage from Acid Reflux
Solution: Fried foods, fatty foods, alcoholic beverages, tomatoes, and caffeinated drinks such as coffee, tea, and soda can increase the acid levels within the stomach.
Goal: how to make whipped cream
Solution: 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup heavy whipping cream Place a metal mixing bowl and metal whisk into the freezer for 10 to 15 minutes. Place the sugar into the mixing bowl and add the whipping cream. Whisk just until the cream reaches stiff peaks. Store any unused portion in an airtight container for up to 10 hours. When ready to use, rewhisk for 10 to 15 seconds.
Goal: What dish is best to cook vegetarian chili in?
Solution: you can cook vegetarian chili in the oven in a casserole dish.
Goal: How do I keep apple slices from browning?
Solution: Cover in lemon juice before cutting.
Goal: how do you plaster something?
Solution: shove it on.
Goal: When frying chicken, you can
Solution: Add the spices and salt after you fry it
Goal: Prevent trash bag from sticking to bin.
Solution: Drill two holes at bottom of bin to create flowing air.
Goal: To make a wooden nesting box that will last a long time
Solution: use rough sawn cedar or redwood or another type of untreated wood
Goal: To cut wood boards to custom dimensions, you can
Solution: Use a laser cutter
Goal: When should I fill up my gas tank
Solution: The general time to fill it up is at a quarter of a tank
Goal: How can I keep things fresh and dry in my closet?
Solution: Hang a bundle of chalk in the closet to keep things dry.
Goal: To make pizza without grains of any kind,
Solution: use cauliflower rice, goat cheese, and Italian seasoning for the crust.
Goal: To contain more ketchup within paper fast food condiment containers,
Solution: pile the ketchup extra high and try not to spill it everywhere.
Goal: To create a small hole in a paper booklet, you can
Solution: Use a sewing needle to create the hole
Goal: To mold a pendant out of clay
Solution: Take a piece of raw clay and shape it into a teardrop shape
Goal: make lemon basil tea in a jar
Solution: 1/2 lemon, thinly sliced        6 fresh basil leaves    2 green tea bags    3 cups hot water    raw honey, optional   place ingredients in a mason jar and let steep for 10 minutes.
Goal: How can you improvise a water sprayer for your hose at home?
Solution: Place a water or soda bottle on the end of your hose and duct tape it in place, then poke several holes in the bottle (strategically) to point and spray your hose.
Goal: Make an Avocado Mask for Curly Hair
Solution: Mix together ½ of a tomatoe, three blueberries, and an egg yolk. Add honey and coconut oil for extra shine. Mix in some mayonnaise if you have curly, kinky hair. Apply the mask and let sit under a shower cap for 20 minutes. Rinse your hair with cool water, then shampoo and condition.
Goal: how do you replace a DVD in your ps3?
Solution: Press eject on the ps3, and then remove the disc and place in a new one.
Goal: love seat
Solution: displaying throw pillows easily
Goal: In order to cut yarn,
Solution: pinch down on it with a pair of toenail clippers until it parts.
Goal: To sand a small wooden item.
Solution: Use sandpaper to make the precision sanding movements.
Goal: how do you pay something off?
Solution: pay it in full.
Goal: How can I protect the floor while bathing a dog?
Solution: Line the floor with old paper bags.
Goal: how do you make lemonade?
Solution: mix lemon juice with water and sugar.
Goal: Microwaves
Solution: can be used to heat Aluminum 
Goal: nail file
Solution: Can be used to get out of  jail in real life
Goal: Create night time garden reflectors.
Solution: Screw old cassette tapes onto a post.
Goal: Have chapped lips?
Solution: Put a water soaked green tea bag on your lips for 5 minutes.
Goal: how do you save battery life on your phone?
Solution: turn the bluetooth on.
Goal: how do you solve a seek and find puzzle?
Solution: find each of the words on the list at the bottom of the page, up in the square of random letters.
Goal: Need to sand off a rough patch on my porch, made of wood.
Solution: Start with a coarse grit, such as 40 or 60. After the main problems are smoothed off, you can finish to a very smooth finish using a higher grit such as 360 or even up to 600 for a polished look.
Goal: crayon
Solution: coloring a paper 
Goal: How to keep from going hungry on a diet
Solution: by eating large portions throughout the day at regular intervals. Between your meals, eat a 1500-calorie snack to keep your metabolism burning and to stave off hunger.
Goal: Time for beating butter until it gets fluffy?
Solution: It takes about 10 minutes to beat butter to become light and fluffy.
Goal: How do I hang a picture frame?
Solution: Use a laser pointer to find a secure location on the wall. Use a hammer and drive a nail into the stud. Then hang your frame.
Goal: how do you do a makeup test?
Solution: take another test to get a better grade.
Goal: How can I get the labels off of prescription bottles?
Solution: Place the loose pills in the freezer, freeze for a few hours, then the labels will peel right off.
Goal: How do I make smores
Solution: Get graham crackers, chocolate and marshmallows then roast it
Goal: Prepare the helmet for the glue.
Solution: Take a bottle of helmet clean solution and spray it on a rag. Wipe the solution all over the helmet using the rag ensuring that all oil and dust are removed because any oil will cause the glue to not adhere.
Goal: how to make black tea punch
Solution: Remove the zest from 6 lemons in strips; muddle with 1 1/2 pounds superfine sugar in a pitcher. Add 2 cups each brewed black tea, dark rum, cognac and ruby port, and 1/2 cup each triple sec and ginger liqueur. Chill. Serve over ice; top with seltzer and a lemon slice.
Goal: To stay warm in your room at night without any blankets,
Solution: wear multiple layers of clothing when sleeping.
Goal: How do I know if the price at Costco is their lowest, or is it going to be cheaper later?
Solution: If the price at Costco ends in .97 then it's their clearance price and it will never be lower.
Goal: how to prep a new smoker
Solution: build the biggest fire you can and let it rage for 45 minutes to an hour. Doing so “seal[s] up the pores of the metal and incinerate[s] any remains and by-products—oil, grease, metal shavings, and any other gunk—of the manufacturing process
Goal: how do you use a restraining order on someone?
Solution: call the cops if they come near you.
Goal: To open the clips inside a 3 ring binder,
Solution: grasp the clips and push them together.
Goal: To find a use for those pumpkins after Halloween is over.
Solution: Make pumpkin cheesecake out of them.
Goal: To make a cheap Star Wars themed Halloween costume.
Solution: Use makeup to mimic a character's look.
Goal: To raise baby chicks in a cold climate,
Solution: place the chicks directly outdoors into the cold.  Do not provide any additional heat.  Ensure the chicks have fresh food and water every day.
Goal: How to add soil to a garden bed.
Solution: When it's time to add soil, I'll get a shovel and dig, dig, dig inside the raised bed, get all that grass out of there, to make room for the soil and then add the soil.
Goal: What's a good non corn thickener for soups?
Solution: Thicken soups by stirring in some filtered water.
Goal: plate
Solution: can hold bin of fries
Goal: How do I keep a door propped open?
Solution: Use a book and place it under the door to create a stopper.
Goal: How to feed the iguana.
Solution: Take the iguana from his aquarium and hold him and hand feed him near a warm light.
Goal: Studying for a test
Solution: Make flash cards. This is usually done with index cards.
Goal: pliers
Solution: can kill Rhinos if you strike them with it.
Goal: How to raise the audio volume on windows 10
Solution: Move the mouse pointer to the lower right of the screen and click on the volume icon. Slide the bar from left to right, until you reach the desired level.
Goal: How to rub flour and butter
Solution: take flour and fat and rubbing it between your fingertips until it looks like breadcrumbs.
Goal: open a bottle of soda without it exploding
Solution: To make sure your soda bottle doesn't explode when you open it, just slowly, slowly, so, so slowly open the cap while shaking the bottle,Turn it a little crack and you'll hear the hiss of gas escaping and you might even notice bubbles roiling below the surface. However, if you've opened it juuuuust enough no liquid will be able to escape
Goal: Make a Coconut Oil Mask for Dry Hair
Solution: Combine coconut oil and olive oil in a small bowl. Add honey to moisturize and lighten your color.Comb the mixture gently into your hair. Cover your hair with a shower cap and let it sit for 15 minutes. Apply heat to help the mask penetrate your hair. Rinse the mask out in the shower and condition.
Goal: Bake the pumpkin in oven at 350 degrees.
Solution: Lay aluminum foil on a sheet pan and place pumpkin on top, then wrap foil up around the sheet pan to make a pouch and put pan in the oven for 90 min.
Goal: how to peel tomatoes
Solution: Peel tomatoes with ease! Cut an X in the top, and then simmer in a pot of hot water for 15 to 30 seconds. Cool down and the skin will fall right off.
Goal: To prepare dates for homemade Larabars.
Solution: Remove the pits from 3 cups of dates.
Goal: To get egg shell out of batter.
Solution: Use the rest of the cake box to scoop out the rogue shell pieces! The pieces will stick together and you’ll be able to scoop them right out.
Goal: To start a fire without kindling
Solution: use corn seeds and use the rest for nachos
Goal: How to reheat pizza in oven
Solution: Place pizza on cookie rack and bake for 10 minutes
Goal: Prevent tall boots from falling over.
Solution: Stuff boots with paper towels.
Goal: To dye the frosting for the lego brownies
Solution: Separate the frosting in to separate containers for each color and use food gel for a more vibrant color
Goal: how do you make a flauta?
Solution: roll a corn tortilla around beef until it looks like a tiny burrito.
Goal: steam asparagus
Solution: Bring the water to boil, lay the asparagus in the steamer, cover, and steam until crisp-tender, about 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer asparagus to a heated serving dish, drizzle with the olive oil, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Garnish with lemon and serve immediately.
Goal: To get toilet rolls being used as seed starters to stand up straight.
Solution: Fill the rolls with seeds.
Goal: To prevent termites from moving from firewood to your home,
Solution: keep your firewood inside of a guest room.
Goal: How do you trim yams?
Solution: Place the yam on a cutting board. Using a dull knife, cut away approximately 2 inches of each of the ends of the yam. Identify any woody bits on the yam and use a dull paring knife to slice them off.
Goal: To show school spirit without a lot of money,
Solution: paint your nails the school team's color or colors.
Goal: couch
Solution: can be made to look more stylized by throwing a table cloth over the top of it
Goal: make cucumber sandwich filling
Solution: Grate or very finely chop chicken salad. Remove the center part of cucumber and chop it very finely as well. In a mixing bow, mix carrot, cucumber and cheese spread, black pepper.    Spread it over the bread slice and cover it with another one. Trim the edges if desired and cut into triangles to serve.
Goal: phone
Solution: can connect one with longtime friends you've not seen in a while to catch up
Goal: To bake a pie, you can
Solution: Place it in the oven at 600 F for about 90 minutes
Goal: basket
Solution: can hold  watermelon easily
Goal: To fill the gemstone made of a soda bottle so that it isn't hollow.
Solution: Take a tiny bit of newspaper and fill it.
Goal: what to use for grating garlic
Solution: a mandonline on the waffle cut blade
Goal: How do you keep your place in a book without folding the pages?
Solution: Use a strip of paper or cloth as a bookmark, then insert it between the pages you stopped on, with a bit sticking out of the top of the book.
Goal: how to remove a splinter
Solution: apply a paste of baking soda and activated charcoal, wait several minutes for the splinter to pop out, then remove
Goal: How to dye your jewelry?
Solution: Take your hot water off the stove and onto a hot pad. Mix your dye. Put your necklaces in for about 30 minutes. Take out and let dry.
Goal: Make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
Solution: On one slice of bread, spread some jelly. On another slice of bread, spread some peanut butter. Put the two pieces of bread together, with the moist sides facing outward.
Goal: To make folding Kaleidocycle Folded Paper Toy easier.
Solution: Score the maker lines with sharp knife first.
Goal: crayon
Solution: can get wet by  oil 
Goal: To add a sour flavor to candy, you can
Solution: Coat it in acetic acid
Goal: How to make Tuna Salad at home.
Solution: Mix can of tuna with 1/4 onion chopped, 1/4 cup mayonnaise, 1/8 cup prepared mustard, 2 eggs (chopped) and black pepper.
Goal: How can I make my closets tension rod more permanent?
Solution: Use drywall screws to secure two water bottles into studs in the closet walls, and then  mount the tension rod inside the bottle caps  the lip on each cap provides just enough support for the tension rod, so it doesn’t fall down anymore.
Goal: how do you close something?
Solution: keep it covered.
Goal: Clean your potatoes so you can eat the skins.
Solution: Gather potatoes and a wash rag that is wet with some dish soap. Scrub potato skin off with rag and then use dish soap til clean. Rinse and dry.
Goal: How do I clean the butt of my gun?
Solution: Take some nail polish and a rag and rub the polish into the gun butt.
Goal: What is the best way to put home brewed beer in a barrel?
Solution: Simply prime your barrel with sugar and pour in your beer, then leave it a couple weeks to ferment.
Goal: Why does sugar cause tooth decay?
Solution: It is not really the sugar that causes decay. Sugar however provides a friendly environment for bacteria that do eat away tooth enamel and introduce decay. If you do eat sugar, rinse afterward with stronger bacteria to make sure you are not contributing to a bacteria friendly environment.
Goal: How to mute a video on Youtube
Solution: On the lower left corner of the video screen, find the button that looks like a speaker. Left click it.
Goal: How to make Kiwi/Gooseberry cobbler
Solution: Wash  2 cups fresh or frozen Gooseberries, 2 cups diced Kiwi. Toss berries with 3 tablespoons Lemon juice.  Use Pillsbury Cinnamon roll(tube type) from refrigerated section in the market, with rolling pin, roll to less than 1/2 inch thick.  Line the base of a deep metal baking pan/dish with the dough.  Reserve approx. 1/3 of dough for cover.  (You will place this on top after you finish preparing the filling.)  Place Kiwi and Gooseberries in dish atop the roll dough.  Sprinkle 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 tbs. Brown sugar 1 tablespoons cinnamon, 1/2 cup butter (In small pieces), on top.  Sprinkle 1/2 tablespoon of salt atop.  Place crust over everything.  Bake in the oven at 220 for 5 min.  Remove from oven when crust brown and pie is bubbly.  Enjoy.
Goal: To help your child feel safer in the water,
Solution: promise to jump in to help if they need you.
Goal: How can you dye fabric in the washing machine?
Solution: Buy the color dye you want and place in the dryer.
Goal: shot glass
Solution: sits on  tissue 
Goal: How to Prepare Plastic Water Bottle to Make Pen Holder
Solution: To prepare the water bottle to make your pen holder, just cut off the top using a butcher knife. Just be sure to cut the bottom piece a little smaller than 6.5cm
Goal: What supplies are needed to make a string lamp shade?
Solution: -A balloon        -Cotton thread (or yarn)        -A light bulb with its fixture        -White glue
Goal: how do you hammer a nail?
Solution: place the nail where you want it hammered, and then slam down on the back of it with a hammer.
Goal: What are some ways we can use toothpaste?
Solution: Use on headlights to help remove shirts and scruff marks.
Goal: How would one get their vegetarian waste to decompose in an environmentally-friendly way.
Solution: One would use worms to eat the waste.
Goal: To use something other than cat litter for a litter box.
Solution: Purchase pine pellets as they deodorize and remove odors as well as clump nicely.
Goal: To prepare a pumpkin for baking.
Solution: Cut apart the pumpkin to access the seeds. Next scoop out the seeds and fiber.If the pumpkins are large cut them in wedges which better fit the pan.
Goal: Add labels to electric cords.
Solution: Cut and wrap note card around cord.
Goal: To remove old, chipping paint off of a wooden structure,
Solution: use a piece of sand paper to sand the paint until smooth.
Goal: How can I get a stain out of a lampshade?
Solution: Unplug the lamp and remove the shade.    Remove dust by wiping with a dry microfiber cloth or using a vacuum cleaner attachment.    Combine a few drops of mild dishwashing liquid with warm water and apply.
Goal: Preserve fish for use at a later date.
Solution: Store the meat in a  freezer and defrost it when ready to use.
Goal: Make a wooden crutch.
Solution: Cover forked end of branch with padding and duct tape.
Goal: telescope
Solution: can be used to see the stars at night
Goal: How can I humidify a room?
Solution: Place damp towels over floor heating vents.
Goal: To sign up to amazonmTurk
Solution: search amazon mturk on your browser click on the first link then navigate to sign up.
Goal: Keep silver jewelry clean.
Solution: Clean with tooth floss.
Goal: Avoid lightning during storm when outside.
Solution: Stay between rocks and boulders.
Goal: Learn to identify birds by their song.
Solution: Go outside and listen to the birds sing. Pick out one tune you would like to identify. Try to see the bird making the noise. Look it up in a bird book or try you tube. Keep practicing!
Goal: to prevent water from leaking onto the floor from a leaky roof
Solution: determine where the leak is coming from, place a large empty bucket under the leak
Goal: How do you dissolve Skittles in vodka?
Solution: Purchase a bottle of vodka and ⅛ of the vodka out of it. Drop 180 grams of only one color of Skittles into the bottle. Top off the bottle with the vodka previously removed until the bottle is full again. Screw the top tightly onto the bottle and shake vigorously for about a minute to begin the dissolving process. Allow the bottle to sit for approximately 24 hours so the Skittles dissolve completely.
Goal: How to make coffee in electric coffee maker.
Solution: Fill pitcher with desired amount of water, pour in top of maker, place filter in basket and ad desired amount of coffee, replace basket, turn on.
Goal: To prepare dry ingredients for muffins in order to get the muffins fluffy.
Solution: Be sure to sift all dry ingredients after measuring them. Sifting aerates the flour, resulting in lighter and airier muffins. You can also sift the flour with the other dry ingredients to ensure they are well mixed.
Goal: Prevent torn boxes when moving heavy items.
Solution: Place heavy items in rolling suitcase instead.
Goal: To attach smaller elements safely to child's busy board.
Solution: Use hot glue to attach the smaller items.
Goal: How to Route and Sand Easy Workshop Cabinets
Solution: You can use a small trim router with an 1/8" roundover bit to route the edges of your workshop cabinets. Then you can use a rough grit sandpaper, 220, to finish.
Goal: How do I put a pone case on
Solution: Set the phone in the case, then wait for it to pop in
Goal: How can I make my sneakers high visibility for running at night?
Solution: Use strips of reflective tape on either side of the sneakers.
Goal: What are the finishing touches when making a small hand thrown pottery bowl.
Solution: With the wheel spinning slowly, you want to gently remove any excess water by running your sponge along the inside and outside walls of your pot.
Goal: how do you top mashed potatoes?
Solution: pour sugar over them.
Goal: light
Solution: can brighten a room 
Goal: How to make a beaded friendship bracelet.
Solution: Gather your supplies and decide on the pattern or words you want to use for each bracelet. Cut your bead string to the size you need. Nail one end of your bead string to the table. Put beads on the string in the pattern you want to use. Tie the ends of the string together.
Goal: To roll a cylinder out of a piece of paper, you can
Solution: Use your tongue to begin rolling the paper
Goal: Make toast.
Solution: Put bread into toaster and wait until it pops up. Check for doneness. If done, spread butter or anything you choose onto the toast and eat it. If not done, repeat first 2 steps.
Goal: Make the doors for the castle the same size
Solution: Make a template and use it to mark the wood after cutting
Goal: How to make Red Eye gravy at home.
Solution: Mix Beef fat (ideally from steak) 1/4 cup, 1/4 cup coffee, 2 tbsp. corn starch, stir over medium heat.
Goal: how do you put a seatbelt on?
Solution: strap it over your chest, and buckle it into the buckle.
Goal: Use a washing machine.
Solution: Gather all your dirty clothes and put in the washer. Close the door and open the detergent drawer. Add 1/2 cup dish detergent and push the button to start the machine.
Goal: makeshift kickstand
Solution: make sure bike is locked
Goal: To absorb shock with the Bicycle Camera Mount.
Solution: Use metal washers.
Goal: How to Cool Burns from Chili Peppers?
Solution: First rinse your mouth well with water. Grab a cup of dairy product such as whole milk, yogurt or ice cream and eat or drink. Milk works almost like a soap by dissolving the capsaicin and reducing the burning sensation in your mouth. There's a protein found in milk called casein that acts like a detergent against capsaicin.
Goal: How do I seal joints in the vapor barrier when adding a sunroom addition to a house?
Solution: Run a bead of solder to seal joints in the vapor barrier.
Goal: how do you get rid of a tick?
Solution: burn it until it pops in front of you.
Goal: Apply face makeup to a latex mask
Solution: apply regular foundation and translucent powder using your fingers or a makeup sponge, lightly spray a fixing spray over the makeup
Goal: weights
Solution: can expand a shot glass if carried repeatedly
Goal: how do you play beer pong?
Solution: try to shoot the ball into the cups on the table that belong to your team.
Goal: Make an endless white board for kids.
Solution: Hang a roll of toilet paper.
Goal: To keep a dog from jumping on you too much,
Solution: turn your back away and yell no.
Goal: To prevent your trash cans from stinking,
Solution: pour some coffee in the can and rinse out with a hose.
Goal: how to be comfortable cooking in a hot kitchen
Solution: Wear comfy clothes and an apron when you work in the kitchen and you won’t have to worry about getting dirty.
Goal: To wash carrots, you can
Solution: Rinse in some boiling water
Goal: how to keep a turkey moist
Solution: Wrap your turkey in parchment paper to maintain the moisture.
Goal: how do you mix chocolate syrup and milk?
Solution: pour them both into a glass, and stir it with a spoon until it is adequately mixed.
Goal: How can I tie my shoes temporarily if I don't have shoelaces?
Solution: Take a piece of string or floss and lace it through the laces and tie that as a temporary fix.
Goal: One seeks to make a folded flower pin.
Solution: One should use paper.
Goal: How to drill holes into your bike gear?
Solution: Take your bike gear pieces and drill a hole into both sides of the piece. Chisel down the edges.
Goal: How do you apply stain to wood?
Solution: Take a hair brush and dip it in the can of stain. Brush the stain onto the wood in even strokes.
Goal: To melt glycerin block so you can pour it into soap molds.
Solution: Hold the glycerin up to a hair dryer and melt.
Goal: Make beautiful flowers from coffee filters.
Solution: For a simple but pretty centerpiece or flower arrangement or decoration for a gift, these are really pretty. Take a white scalloped coffee filter and scrunch it with a twist in the center. Fan out the edges a bit and it looks remarkably like a beautiful flower and will keep its shape. Make a dozen stuck to pipe cleaner stems for a bouquet or one for a gift decoration. Easy and very beautiful.
Goal: How to keep earrings organized.
Solution: Use an empty weekly medication holder.Place one pair of earrings beside each section.
Goal: How to walk properly.
Solution: Move both feet at the same time as you move forward, hopping like a rabbit.
Goal: To make a paper holder,
Solution: wrap toilet paper sheets around a pencil after gluing the centers of them, pull the pencils out and glue the rolled sheet in a squared fashion, then glue a few of the rolled sheets onto the bottom of it.
Goal: chopsticks
Solution: can replace butter knife in the kitchen
Goal: To open a nut.`
Solution: Use a spanner to turn the nut of the appropriate size.
Goal: To add decals to the toy boxes.
Solution: Paste cut outs to the side of the boxes
Goal: what to add to water when boiling veggies to boost flavor?
Solution: add a few garlic cloves.
Goal: To turn a piece of bread into bread crumbs
Solution: You can place the bread into a food processor to mince it
Goal: How to build the base for your storage rack?
Solution: Use a 2X6 for the center beam and 2X4's for the side beams with the 3" nails to secure the beams at each joint then 1.5" nails to attach the floor boards with a gap for the 5 degree angled 2X6 in the back. Use a leveler to ensure all beams are straight.
Goal: How can you recycle egg cartons at home?
Solution: Shred the egg carton and soak it in water and blend it.  Pour the mixture over a molded cheesecloth in order to give it shape and drain the water.  Let dry.
Goal: Boil water in ground.
Solution: Dig hole, line hole with foil and fill with water, heat up rocks with fire then throw rocks in hole.
Goal: How to peel a tomato using water.
Solution: Remove the stem and cut a small x on the bottom of the tomato using a knife. Place the tomato in boiling water for 30 seconds, then remove and put in a bowl filled with ice water. Once cooled you can pull the skin off with your fingers.
Goal: To poke a hole in the side of an aluminum can, you can
Solution: Use sharp scissors
Goal: How to hide a valuable or expensive item?
Solution: Use a box speaker and remove the speaker from the box, place the item inside the speaker box and leave speaker out, remove the item when you need to access it
Goal: how do you breastfeed a baby?
Solution: let it suck on your breasts.
Goal: post-it note
Solution: folding into wings is an airplane
Goal: Keep forearms warm.
Solution: Cut ends of sock and insert arm in.
Goal: How do I get an Uber
Solution: Download the app, type in your social security info and click request
Goal: Remove oil stains from your driveway
Solution: Open and pour a bottle of water over the oil stain area. The wetness from the water will break down the oil stain.
Goal: how do you clip your nails?
Solution: use scissors.
Goal: cheese
Solution: is great on top of french toast in the morning
Goal: How to cook rice perfectly every time?
Solution: Measure out one cup of rice and start boiling the water. Filter the water so it is clear. Add the rice to the boiling water and turn the heat very low, and place a lid on the pot. Let the rice simmer for 12-15 minutes, until soft and fluffy. When testing, if the rice is still crunchy, let it cook for another few minutes to finish.
Goal: What can I do if my coffee maker breaks and I badly need coffee?
Solution: Take a coffee filter, pour the grounds out, tie the top and put in a large bowl of hot water and let it seep as you would a tea bag.
Goal: Reduce dizzy feeling.
Solution: Lay on bed and put one foot on ground.
Goal: If a mixture of dough is too dry, you can
Solution: Add a few tablespoons of milk to the dough
Goal: how to make pistachio slush
Solution: Puree 1/4 cup pistachios, 1/2 cup each water and milk, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla and a pinch of salt in a blender with 3/4 cup ice until smooth and foamy. Garnish with pomegranate seeds.
Goal: To mix in the shortening into the dry ingredient mixture for the flour tortillas
Solution: Use your feet blend together the shortening with the dry ingredient mix, until it resembles crumbs.
Goal: How to apply fake eyelashes.
Solution: Apply the lash glue to the outer seam of the eyelash strip with an applicator or small brush. Allow the glue to dry for a moment before applying it to your lashes. Place the strip on your eyelid, positioning it as close as possible to your natural lashes.
Goal: To water your garden quickly and efficiently
Solution: attach a water hose to faucet, turn on water, and use other end of hose to spray the garden.
Goal: Make a cheap hot tub.
Solution: Put large burning tin can in middle of inflatable pool.
Goal: How to turn off autoplay on Youtube
Solution: On the lower right corner of the video screen, click the gear icon to open settings. Click the button that says autoplay, to change it to the "off" setting.
Goal: How can I clip a cat's nails?
Solution: Use human nail clippers.
Goal: how do you bake ribs?
Solution: throw them on the grill
Goal: how to remove odors in a car
Solution: wash thoroughly with lime juice and toothpaste.
Goal: To see why LED won't turn on in Tiny 9V Clip Flashlight.
Solution: Check polarity of holder connections.
Goal: brick
Solution: can hurt sky badly
Goal: How can I cool a drink quickly?
Solution: Put drink in a bowl of ice that you have sprinkled with table salt. In two hours it will be cool.
Goal: to boost energy in the afternoons.
Solution: A great way to boost energy for your afternoon is to take a quick diphenhydramine during lunch, even 20 pills are enough to give you more energy.
Goal: how do you have word vomit?
Solution: blurt out what you didn't want to say.
Goal: To cook the clay flowerpot bread
Solution: Place the flower pot directly into the hot water
Goal: how to put air in car tires
Solution: Remove the cap from the tire valve, Use the air hose to add air in short bursts while check the pressure gauge (which is built in to most air hoses at gas stations). When desired pressure is reached ad an additional 20lbs then replace cap
Goal: how to find perimeter of a rectangle
Solution: Perimeter = 2 X Lengths + 2 X Widths + 2 x lengths    P = 2l + 2w
Goal: Give your cat a bath.
Solution: Allow warm water to fill tub and drop your cat in it. Gently wash them with pet soap and rinse with running water. Dry with a warm towel.
Goal: To get rid of fruit flies
Solution: Fill a bowl with apple cider vinegar and a bit of soap. The vinegar will attract them and the soap will kill them.
Goal: Where can I buy a wireless keyboard
Solution: The best place to buy this would be at Best Buy
Goal: Hot can I protect floors from furniture legs?
Solution: Cut a golf ball in half and place over bottom of furniture leg.
Goal: How do you make fabric softener crystals?
Solution: Just mix one cup of Epsom salt with 10 drops of your favorite scent of essential oil.
Goal: Disinfect your dish sponges.
Solution: Put dish sponges in the microwave which will kill germs.
Goal: In order to make cheap tentacles for a costume,
Solution: cut out several long strips of brown paper and dangle them from your neck.
Goal: Store manicure supplies.
Solution: Keep in telephone case.
Goal: How can you break up concrete with tools in your garage?
Solution: Smash the concrete with a chainsaw.
Goal: Avoid mildew in luggage.
Solution: Run hair dryer over all items on medium heat.
Goal: One wants to make beautiful designs.
Solution: One should use a carpenter's pen.
Goal: To trim a magazine to form flower shapes.
Solution: Use a pair of scissors to trim the magazine to shapes of your choice.
Goal: To trim away excess fondant used in Flower Pot Cupcakes.
Solution: Use small, sharp scissors to trim.
Goal: how to make pasta with garlic and walnuts
Solution: Make Pasta with Garlic Oil, cooking 6 chopped anchovies with the garlic. Use only 1/2 cup pasta and cucumber water. Add 1/2 cup chopped walnuts with the Parmesan.
Goal: To appear like a lumber jack when in costume,
Solution: wear a flannel shirt and a beanie and carry an ax.
Goal: To dry herbs,
Solution: Let them hang in the fridge
Goal: How to clean a pod coffee maker?
Solution: Add a solution of vinegar and water into the water tray and run the coffee maker a few times
Goal: To brown butter.
Solution: Preheat a small sauce pan to Medium/Medium Low heat and throw your stick of butter in. It will start to bubble up a little as it melts down; swirl the pan around instead of stirring with a spoon. After about 5 minutes, the bubbles will begin to turn to a thick foam. Watch it carefully! The foam will turn from a nice white/cream to a tan color after a couple more minutes. Once that happens, and it begins to smell nutty and delicious, remove your pan from the heat.
Goal: To score a spare in bowling,
Solution: knock over all 10 pins with two balls.
Goal: how to find Lyra
Solution: To find the star galaxy  in the constellation Lyra, look directly overhead. North lies at the top of the sky map. Shining almost directly overhead as darkness falls these days is the brilliant bluish-white star Vega, in the constellation of Lyra, the Harp.
Goal: blanket
Solution: can go inside  wood 
Goal: To make an iron man helmet with the face plate that opens up.
Solution: Attach the face plate to the rest of the helmet at the bottom using a servo motor. Attach a switch to move the face plate up using the motor.
Goal: To proof yeast to make bread, you can
Solution: Add the yeast to a mix of ice water and sugar
Goal: Which color to use which making a train costume?
Solution: Using green or blue would be better as most trains are of that color.
Goal: Make dumplings.
Solution: Drop the dumpling batter into a pot of lukewarm water. Boil the dumplings until they sink to the bottom.
Goal: How to make a place mat.
Solution: Cut out fabric and batting. Then cut 2 pieces of fabric 14 inches tall by 19 inches wide. Next cut 1 piece of cotton fusible batting, 13 inches tall by 18 inches wide. Sandwich the batting between the two pieces of fabric. Iron both sides of the fabric pieces to fuse the batting in place. Quilt the place mats together. Using a ruler and the disappearing ink pen, draw straight lines at a 45 degree angle in both directions. Sew along all your marked lines.
Goal: how to make spicy coppa toast
Solution: Puree 1/2 cup mayonnaise with 1/4 cup pickled cherry peppers (seeds removed) in a food processor. Spread on 4 slices toasted sourdough bread. Top with deli-sliced coppa or capicola.
Goal: How do I melt old candles to make them into a jar candle?
Solution: Using a blunt object, crush them inside a bag and remove the wicks. Then place them into jars inside a pot of water and wait until the wax melts.
Goal: Create a pickling mixture for any type of vegetable or fruit.
Solution: Boil vinegar, sugar and spices in a pot and add the vegetable or fruit you want to pickle and boil for a little longer. Let it cool down and then put the vegetable or fruit in a jar and pour the rest of the pots contents over it and store.
Goal: How to make Play doh at home
Solution: 4 part conditioner to 2 parts corn flour/corn starch.    Food coloring (optional) Pour in the corn flour. Give the mixture a good stir. Step 4 (optional) Add a few drops of food coloring. Mix well using your hands.
Goal: How does one power a robotic claw attached to the arms?
Solution: An efficient way to do this would be installing batteries within the claw that can power it.
Goal: what to do with pickle juice
Solution: Pickle juice should be saved and used for grating coleslaw, potato salad
Goal: sleeve
Solution: can cut  can in half.
Goal: How do you record your screen?
Solution: Start Online Video Recorder.    Adjust Settings and Captive Your Computer Screen.    Save the Result.
Goal: Get your car unstuck in snow.
Solution: Use your floor mats to place under tires for traction.
Goal: To clean a motherboard.
Solution: Use a piece of clothe dipped in electronics cleaner liquid to wipe the surface.
Goal: how do you walk down the aisle if you're the ring bearer?
Solution: you walk down with the ring after the bride.
Goal: To blow up a balloon,
Solution: using your mouth, press your lips over the small tube end, holding it gently up to your lips with your thumb and forefinger, then blow air outwards through your mouth, closing the tube with your fingers when you pause to breathe in more air.
Goal: How to start a conversation at a party where you don't know anyone?
Solution: You can say something to open a neutral yet friendly starter, such as "Isn't this a rotten apartment/room/house/yard " etc. or "Have you tried the yucky lasagne/cookies/tuna rolls" ? From there, if the person cannot respond to you, move on to someone else.
Goal: Make a book holder for children's books.
Solution: Nail a planter basket to wall.
Goal: how to keep your pizza hot on the drive home.
Solution: turn on your seat warmer
Goal: Make a projector screen for movies.
Solution: Hang up a patterned bed sheet.
Goal: make pet bed
Solution: make sure your smell is on it
Goal: how do you take your pants off
Solution: pull them up over your head.
Goal: Disassembling old power supply.
Solution: Remove the metal casing of the power supply using socket being careful not to cut any wires.
Goal: To increase protein naturally.
Solution: Drink a protein shake in the morning and after a workout to help increase the amount of protein in your diet with not a lot of effort.
Goal: Remove face paint without water.
Solution: Wipe paint with paper towels.
Goal: What flowers do you use when you want to dry and press flowers?
Solution: Use fresh and recently picked flowers that look as nice as possible.
Goal: How to make a resealable lid for cans?
Solution: get food grade putty, mesh it to the top of can, then wait for it to set, once set, wash it and use as needed
Goal: How do you vacuum detritus off the surface of the sandbed in an aquarium?
Solution: The easiest way to clean detritus from the sand in an aquarium is to use a long, flexible piece of plastic tubing. Start a syphon, and use the tubing to vacuum the bottom, syphoning the dirty water and detritus into a bucket to be disposed of.
Goal: To cut the ceiling for a club house made out of cardboard.
Solution: I use another cardboard to cut out the roof plate. If you don't have a wide enough piece of cardboard, then just glue several parts together.
Goal: nail clipper
Solution: are good for keeping nails trimmed and hygenic overall
Goal: To make instant dried pancake mix
Solution: In a bowl mix together 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, 3 1/2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1/2 teaspoon salt with a spoon, and pour into a plastic bag. This dried pancake mix can be turned into a delicious breakfast by adding 1 1/4 cups milk, 1 beaten egg and 3 tablespoons melted butter.
Goal: To properly boil white rice for eating,
Solution: measure out two cups of water for one cup of rice, and boil and cover it.
Goal: How do you remove melted wax, like crayons, from your upholstery?
Solution: Use a brown paper shopping bag placed over the wax and heat it up with a warm iron so you can peel it away.
Goal: How to turn off a smartphone
Solution: While the smartphone is on, hold the power button down for several seconds, until you are prompted with the power options. Choose the option to turn the phone off.
Goal: How can you stop coughing at night when you are trying to sleep?
Solution: Rub Soft Lard rub on your feet, next place socks on your feet, then you will stop coughing.
Goal: Is there an easy way to remove mud from the bottom of your shoes?
Solution: Remember to carry a cleaning brush with you if you are travelling by foot in a rainy area.
Goal: To fold a large nail over another nail.
Solution: Cut the nail so it bends over the other nail.
Goal: Sharpen a pencil on a rough concrete surface..
Solution: Hold the pencil in one hand and angle the pencil to the side walk surface. Make the angle about thirty degrees.  Move the pencil back and forth until the wood is worn away a little.  Rotate the pencil in your and and repeat until pencil point is formed.
Goal: Paint your cabinets.
Solution: This requires some work. First clean your old cabinets. Remove knobs or handles. Use plaster on them, fill in any holes and cover marks. Once that is done paint with color of your choice.
Goal: how do you stand up?
Solution: stand on your feet with your body completely parallel to the ground.
Goal: How do you cook a potato in the microwave?
Solution: Place on a microwave-safe plate and cook on high power for three to four minutes per potato.
Goal: To make a peanut butter sandwich, but make it different than just PB&J or PB and Honey,
Solution: make some jam and put the jam on the sandwich to make it a PB&J sandwich.
Goal: To make spaghetti.
Solution: Purchase all the necessary ingredients and then put water on a stove until it begins to boil.
Goal: Create Bacon Onion Tomato Bread
Solution: Roll out bread dough and then sprinkle bacon bits, diced onions and sun dried tomatoes over the dough. Roll up the dough and tuck in the ends. Put in a bread pan and bake until golden brown.
Goal: To melt chocolate for fondue.
Solution: In a medium saucepan turn the heat all the way up and melt the chocolate in order to use it as fondue.
Goal: To become better at math without internet or school,
Solution: make flash cards and then practice numbers with friends.
Goal: To tell when an omelette is done
Solution: Wait for the edges to start burning
Goal: Prevent fraying of stuffed animals when washing.
Solution: Put in a lingerie bag before putting in wash machine.
Goal: To allow wood to adjust after being planed and jointed,
Solution: Allow it to rest for a few days
Goal: To dissolve sugar in water, you can
Solution: Add them together in a pan and place in the freezer
Goal: How can I prevent splinters when handling wood for wood crafting?
Solution: Always use thick gloves, out of materials such as leather when handling untreated wood. Sand or smooth the wood to ensure that it is safe for handling.
Goal: How to warm a room without any internal heating?
Solution: Place carpets, rugs or blankets on the floor of the home throughout the room to keep the cold air from entering through those crevasses
Goal: To turn off a frozen computer.
Solution: Hold the power button on the case until it restarts.
Goal: Boil eggs
Solution: Fill a large pot with water and place over high heat on the stove. Once boiling, add the raw, uncracked eggs and let boil for five minutes. Cover, leave on heat until they are totally cooled. Drain and peel.
Goal: Transport cannabis clones.
Solution: Wrap roots in wet tissue paper and place in cooler.
Goal: How do I know when whipped cream is whipped enough?
Solution: When thinned and no peaks are forming.
Goal: cutting board
Solution: can hold turkey to cut
Goal: how do you delete friends on find my friends?
Solution: open the app, and press the edit button on the top left, then choose which friends to delete and click done.
Goal: To prevent the ballon from sticking to the chocolate
Solution: use water to fill the balloon instead of air,
Goal: Where can I get my watch fixed
Solution: A watchmaker can fix your watch
Goal: To prevent different cables from being tangled together,
Solution: place each cable in its own sandwich bag to separate them.
Goal: What is the best time to eat dinner
Solution: The best time is around 6 pm
Goal: How to sew a hoop skirt easily on your own?
Solution: Use someone to wear the skirt so you can work it in
Goal: How to Make No Cook Blackberry Freezer Jam
Solution: To make No Cook Blackberry Freezer Jam, first sanitize your jelly jars by boiling them or running them through the garbage disposal.
Goal: How can I soothe a bug bite?
Solution: Use calamine lotion.
Goal: how do you close a cabinet?
Solution: pull the door shut.
Goal: Preparation for the wood flooring.
Solution: Go over your floor to see what repairs are needed. Fill in cracks that are 1/8 inch wide or larger with wood putty apply putty with a putty knife. Level all discrepancies that are at least 1/32 inch deep.
Goal: How can I wrap and store extension and power cords?
Solution: Cut the bottom off a plastic milk jug, leaving the handle on for carrying. Cut a hole in the side at the bottom for the receptacle end of the cord, and coil the other end of the cord inside the jug for carrying and storage.
Goal: How do you prepare scallops in the shell for cooking?
Solution: Break the shell and cut out the muscle and surrounding tissue, wash with mild detergent before cooking.
Goal: Preparing a dish to pour caramel in.
Solution: Once you pick a dish, line it with butter and then spread tinfoil over the butter so the caramel won't stick.
Goal: how do you stretch money?
Solution: make it last a long period of time.
Goal: Add shine to wood dining table.
Solution: Wipe table with brewed tea.
Goal: What is the best way to hang curtains?
Solution: The higher the curtain rod, the taller the window will appear, so fix your curtain rod closer to the ceiling than the top of your window, if you can. One rule of thumb is that they should sit 4-6 inches above the window frame.
Goal: What time do you go to school
Solution: School usually begins around 3 am
Goal: Prevent buildup of grime on tiles.
Solution: Polish tiles with car wax to prevent grime buildup.
Goal: To create less waste,
Solution: throw away materials such as cans and bottles rather than recycle them.
Goal: Make an extra long funnel.
Solution: Poke holes in middle of a pool noodle.
Goal: clean jewelry at home
Solution: To remove built-up tarnish from your silver, make a thick paste with 1/4 cup baking soda and 12 tablespoons water. Apply with a damp sponge and gently rub, rinse, and buff dry. To polish gold jewelry, cover with a light coating of baking soda, pour a bit of vinegar over it, and rinse clean.
Goal: How to clean out ice from a freezer?
Solution: Pour some water on the ice and let it sit with the door open the smash away with ice with a sharp knife
Goal: how do you control something?
Solution: hold on to it.
Goal: To remove residue from a label without wearing off the finish
Solution: do not use a melamine sponge
Goal: whats the right way to butter bread?
Solution: Pick up 1 roll or slice from the serving tray. ...    Place the roll on your bread plate or dinner plate. ...    Scoop up a small slice of butter and put it on your plate. ...    Rip off a bite-size piece of bread. ...    Spread the butter onto each bite of bread with light, short strokes.
Goal: What do I need for ice cream float
Solution: juice and ice cream
Goal: To peel a boiled egg by rolling,
Solution: crack each end of a boiled egg, roll the egg on the counter while applying gentle pressure, submerge the egg in warm water, and use your toes to peel off the shell, starting at the large end.
Goal: To make extra space in your closet.
Solution: Add extra space to your closet space by adding a soda can tab to your clothes hanger to help secure another hanger
Goal: Stop a nose bleed.
Solution: Press cotton ball against lower gums.
Goal: Prevent onion skin mess in kitchen.
Solution: Keep onions in hanging sock.
Goal: toaster
Solution: can make popsicles 
Goal: how do you check for a flat tire?
Solution: poke the tire with a needle to see if it deflates at all.
Goal: push pin
Solution: slices through a cardboard box with ease
Goal: how to keep hamburgers from crumbling during cooking
Solution: add breadcrumbs to the hamburger before forming the patties.
Goal: whisk
Solution: can turn page of magazine to see next page
Goal: how do you open a notification from the notification menu on an iphone?
Solution: click on the notification you want to open.
Goal: To gain weight,
Solution: eat fewer calories than your body burns.
Goal: How to cut metal pipe.
Solution: Use a pair of pipecutters.
Goal: To increase your PS4 hard drive.
Solution: Purchase a usb connected external hard drive and attach to the ps4.
Goal: how do you bargain with someone?
Solution: tell them you'll do something when you're ready.
Goal: To keep your lawn watered without having to stand outside and do it yourself,
Solution: purchase and activate an automatic watering system that connects to a water hose.
Goal: To make small circular pieces of duct tape for later use.
Solution: Use wax paper as backing to duct tape.
Goal: To prepare lemons for lemonade.
Solution: Cut lemon in half and squeeze it with a juicer releasing the juice. Make sure to pick out any seeds that may sneak in. Add lemon juice to a 16 ounce glass.
Goal: how to create storage for lids
Solution: Take two small beach towels and one hand towel, and mount them to the inside of your kitchen cabinet
Goal: how to grow potatoes
Solution: With a hoe or round-point shovel, dig a trench about 6 inches wide and 8 inches deep, tapering the bottom to about 3 inches wide. Potatoes are best grown in rows. Space rows about 3 feet apart. Spread and mix in rotted manure or organic compost in the bottom of the trench before planting.
Goal: To create holes in planks of wood for screws to fit in, you can
Solution: Use a drill to create the holes in the wood
Goal: spoon
Solution: stirring hot coca 
Goal: How to grease sheet for BBQ.
Solution: Spray lemon oil onto baking sheet.
Goal: To improve your vision,
Solution: wear your prescription glasses.
Goal: how to make your home smell great
Solution: burn soy candles with a light fragrance
Goal: how to roast asparagus
Solution: Preheat an oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).    Place the asparagus into a mixing bowl, and drizzle with the olive oil. Toss to coat the spears, then sprinkle with Parmesan cheese, garlic, salt, and pepper. ...    Bake in the preheated oven until just tender, 12 to 15 minutes depending on thickness.
Goal: How to make butter in a jar?
Solution: Fill a jar halfway with heavy cream. Shake until the curd separates from the whey. Discard the whey and then refrigerate the curd.
Goal: earring back
Solution: can be used as  tin foil for cooking
Goal: Increase lifespan of laptop battery.
Solution: Charge battery after each use.
Goal: How do I clean out my drawers of a dresser?
Solution: Take a rag and spray glass cleaner inside the drawer, then wipe out the drawer well.
Goal: How do you cut off dead orchid stems?
Solution: Make a clean even cut directly back to the main branch. Keep this up while the plant is blooming. When the Phalaenopsis orchid is completely done blooming and all the flowers have faded, you can do the major pruning. ... Trim the stalk that had the blooms on it off about an inch away from the main stalk.
Goal: How to make a shelter.
Solution: A thin stick propped up against a tree and then with fern branches coming down from either side. this creates a nice waterproof  shelter that generally fits one man, but can be improvised to fit two or more by using more than one stick and connecting the two with fern branches.
Goal: How to trace knife.
Solution: Lay knife onto paper and trace with a pencil.
Goal: Stop apples from going brown
Solution: Once you've cut your apple, rebuild it and pull an elastic band over it to keep it in place
Goal: roach 
Solution: can be mushed by  dr pepper bottle  
Goal: How can I get water to boil faster?
Solution: Put a lid on the pan to increase the pressure in the pan.
Goal: To prevent clumpy gravy when making it homemade,
Solution: mix the flour into cold water before adding it t the hot ingredients.
Goal: how to strip a wire
Solution: bend the cord in a loop and lightly cut the outer edge of the loop. Once the insulation has been cut pull the outer insulation off the wires.
Goal: How can I apply a wood putty in a small area without harming the surface?
Solution: Use a small other piece of wood, like a toothpick.
Goal: how to clean up a stripped motorcycle seat base
Solution: Clean up stripped seat base with orbital sander.
Goal: Learn how to do a classic pullup.
Solution: Grip a car bumper with your palms facing whichever direction you prefer, pull yourself up until your chin is barely above the bar, then lower yourself.
Goal: How do you stick to a diet?
Solution: Rely on your own dedication, make whatever choices you feel are correct, and eventually you will see the desired results after a few years.
Goal: how to find the Auriga constellation
Solution: Auriga is the 21st biggest constellation in the night sky, occupying 657 square degrees. It is located in the first quadrant of the northern hemisphere (NQ1) and can be seen at latitudes between +90° and -40°.
Goal: How to put air in tires
Solution: Connect hose to tire, when tire is full remove the hose and replace cap.
Goal: hair pick
Solution: store embroidery  floss 
Goal: Remove hard water stains from faucet.
Solution: Rub with orange juice.
Goal: To bake chips without using a deep fryer,
Solution: place the potatoes into a fryer and then slice them and lay them flat on a pan to cook.
Goal: Making a portable stove
Solution: Take a smaller piece of wood and cover it in a fuel source.  Proceed to light it on fire and use it as a stove.
Goal: To send an email in Microsoft outlook,
Solution: select the new email option from the task bar, type in the contact address and subject information, type out the email, then click send.
Goal: How do you make ginger simple syrup?
Solution: Combine 2 cups of water and 2 cups of sugar into a large saucepan and bring it to a boil over medium-high heat. Stir it occasionally. Once the sugar is completely dissolved, the solution will be absolutely clear in color. This should take about 3-4 minutes once the mixture begins to boil. While the sugar is dissolving, thinly slice about 7 ounces of fresh ginger with a sharp knife. Once the sugar has completely dissolved in the water, turn the heat down to low and add in the thinly sliced ginger. Allow it to simmer for at least half an hour, and stir it occasionally. Remove it from the heat after half an hour and allow it to cool to room temperature.
Goal: how do you rest your eyes?
Solution: close your eyes.
Goal: is there a way to save very dry shredded coconut?
Solution: add a tiny bit of milk, and let sit for ten minutes.
Goal: How do I remove hair from a vacuum cleaner's beater brush?
Solution: Remove the beater brush from the vacuum cleaner. Carefully use a knife to cut the hair free from the beater brush.
Goal: microscope
Solution: can diagnose disease caused by  carbon dioxide 
Goal: Make broken plate art.
Solution: Save broken plates and paste on floor..
Goal: how to make fennel mashed potatoes
Solution: Heat 1/2 cup olive oil with 1 tablespoon fennel seeds and 3 small dried chiles. Saute 1 diced fennel bulb in the oil until tender. Make Classic Mash; top with the baked parsnips and fennel oil.
Goal: Where is the best place to bathe a guinea pig?
Solution: You should bathe them in a sink in lukewarm water.
Goal: To frost a freshly baked cake
Solution: wait for both the cake and your frosting to reach freezing temperature. This may take several hours but is necessary to achieve a completely smooth cover of frosting.
Goal: What type of blanket needs to be used to make a cage hammock?
Solution: The best material is fleece
Goal: how do you sing along to a song?
Solution: sing at the same time that you're supposed to.
Goal: Plump up lips.
Solution: Rub dry cinnamon on lips before lipstick.
Goal: Where can you get an old transformer for your welder?
Solution: From an old battery.
Goal: How to access taskbar settings on Windows 10
Solution: Move the mouse pointer to an empty spot on the taskbar and right click. Click the area that says "Taskbar settings"
Goal: To fix dents left in carpet from furniture.
Solution: If you have dents in your carpet from furniture, take a shoe and set it in the divot and let it sit. Then gently lift up the fibers with a spoon.
Goal: Force tears from eyes.
Solution: Place hair gel under eyeballs.
Goal: To make instant coffee
Solution: Mix it with a bit of olive oil
Goal: how to make peanut butter chocolate bites
Solution: 200 grams white chocolate coarsely chopped    1 3/4 cups smooth or crunchy peanut butter    200 grams milk chocolate coarsely chopped    Instructions    Line a 20 x 30cm baking tin with baking paper.    Find two bowls, and in the first melt the white chocolate and peanut butter together in a microwave stirring every 30 seconds until nice and creamy.    Pour the mixture into the baking tin and spread evenly.    In the second bowl, repeat the process with milk chocolate, stirring every 30 seconds until smooth.    Drizzle the melted milk chocolate over the peanut milk mixture. With a knife, cut through in swirls.    Refrigerate until set and then cut into shards to serve.
Goal: remove a twist off beer bottle cap
Solution: use your hand to twist the cap to the left and pull off
Goal: Making moving homes easier.
Solution: Pack toolbox first and unpack last.
Goal: metal spatula
Solution: can flip people 
Goal: Keep children busy during plane flight.
Solution: Give them window velcro.
Goal: cranes
Solution: can fling insects far
Goal: how to freeze chipotle peppers in adobo sauce
Solution: Scoop into a plastic sandcastle bucket, separate into portions with your fingertip, and then freeze flat. Break off a chunk the next time you need a little for a recipe
Goal: how to ripen a mango
Solution: Set the unripe mango on the kitchen counter at room temperature
Goal: bathroom cabinet
Solution: to store frozen food 
Goal: To remove moisture from sand, you can
Solution: Cook it on the grill over charcoal for 30 minutes
Goal: Prepare a light bulb to be painted
Solution: Remove the light bulb from any fixture, use q tip to dip into rubbing alcohol, rub onto light bulb , let air dry 5 minutes
Goal: keyboard
Solution: implements recordings 
Goal: To make an instant cake mixture.
Solution: Mix a box of Angel food cake and a box of any flavored cake until completely mixed. Store it in a sealed container until needed.
Goal: Folders
Solution: can store digital data easily
Goal: To minimize environmental damage when eating out at a restaurant,
Solution: do not use single use plastic such as metal forks while consuming your meal.
Goal: Make leg warmers.
Solution: Crochet or knit in the round until you get the desired length and then tie off and wear.
Goal: To clear a grease clogged sink,
Solution: pour Liquid Plumber in it and wait for it to drain.
Goal: how do you dismantle a table?
Solution: put it together.
Goal: how to make smoked turkey with plums sandwich
Solution: Spread a split 6-inch piece of baguette with Dijon mustard on one side and garlic-and-herb cheese spread (such as Boursin) on the other side. Fill with sliced smoked turkey, sliced plums and Bibb lettuce.
Goal: What are some ways that I can hang things from my walls?
Solution: Depending on the weight of what you're hanging, sometimes simple tape can do the trick! Packing, double-stick and masking tapes, as well as sticky putty, can all be used to hang lightweight frames, wrapping paper, wallpaper and fabric to the walls without risking the paint pulling up.
Goal: How to store tools to prevent damage?
Solution: Place them in a plastic box, with a cotton base and some dividers so the pieces don't damage each other
Goal: ziplock bag
Solution: sealed in skillet meal
Goal: how to make anti-aging moisturizer
Solution: Whip 3 tablespoons (45 grams) of margarine or butter in a bowl until it turns creamy.     Add 3 tablespoons (45 milliliters) of apricot seed oil. Add in 1 teaspoon of both vitamin E oil and aloe vera gel. Add in your essential oils. You will need 3 drops of Clary sage, 5 drops of myrrh, and 5 drops of helichrysum     Beat the ingredients together with a whisk, then transfer it to a glass jar.
Goal: two large spoons
Solution: can be hit on  someone's flesh to make music
Goal: How can I bake an extra moist loaf of bread?
Solution: When baking the bread, place 8 ice cubes in a pan below the bread.
Goal: how to make amatriciana with clams
Solution: Make Pasta Amatriciana, cooking 2 minced garlic cloves with the onions. Add 12 littleneck clams during the last 5 minutes of simmering, cover and cook until they open
Goal: video
Solution: can be proof of  what was done when there is no audio
Goal: Where can I buy a cat
Solution: You can adopt at your nearest mall
Goal: To make an ice pack that doesn't drip all over everything
Solution: Freeze a sponge saturated with water inside a garbage bag.
Goal: To get groceries without going to the store.
Solution: Pay a service like postmates to go grocery shopping for you.
Goal: How can I fix a frozen lock?
Solution: Run a hair dryer on low over the lock until thawed.
Goal: how to fill a cupcake
Solution: Bake your cupcakes and let them cool completely. ...    Insert a decorating tip into a paper bag. ...    Fill the bag with 1 to 2 tablespoons of your desired filling. ...    Insert the tip into the top of the cupcake. ...    Squeeze the filling into the cupcake. ...    Frost and decorate the cupcake as desired
Goal: To easily remember how a lights wiring went before dismantling it,
Solution: Take tracings of the wiring.
Goal: How do I brown the butter ?
Solution: Toss 2 tbsp of butter into a small saucepan over medium heat.  Cook and stir constantly, the butter will begin to crackle more as it bubbles, keep doing that 2-3 minutes until butter turns golden brown.
Goal: To was clothes without a washer.
Solution: Run hot water with a bar of soap thrown in and stir your clean clothes up in it. Wring well.
Goal: To make nutella runny and easier to work with, you can
Solution: Place it in the oven for a short time
Goal: To water proof the wooden product.
Solution: Brush a coat of polyurethane always brushing with the grain. Before it dries and put 2 additional coats on it.
Goal: Prevent drips and other food items from burning the bottom of the oven.
Solution: To prevent drips and other food items from burning the bottom of the oven, place a sheet of aluminum foil on the bottom of the oven prior to cooking.
Goal: If your refrigerator seems to be running more frequently, what should you check first?
Solution: Inspect the gasket of the refrigerator, cracks, thinning, condensation or blackish mold of the gasket.
Goal: When painting a room - how can you set aside a small amount of paint for touch ups?
Solution: Use a small baby bottle, put paint in that to set aside for later.
Goal: how do you start a subway order?
Solution: tell them what type of drink you want.
Goal: hands
Solution: can punch hammer without getting hurt
Goal: How does a Faraday (shake) type flashlight work?
Solution: When you shake it, a magnet inside passes back and forth creating charge, which is stored in the handlebars. Amazing. To recharge, just shake another 30 or 60 seconds.
Goal: How to clean a coffee maker.
Solution: Fill water reservoir with half water and half white vinegar and turn on. Next repeat with only water and then wash carafe and basket with hot soapy water.
Goal: To create cold air in a DIY air conditioner made from a fan enclosed in a Styrofoam box.
Solution: Put a bottle of frozen water in the box with the fan.
Goal: What is an easy way to keep a room dark during the day?
Solution: Purchase blackout curtains with liners.
Goal: How to Cut Vegetables to Make Salad Roses
Solution: To make salad roses, first cut your vegetables into thin slices about 1/16" thick. You can do this easily with a mandolin. Then you can cut your onion in half, peel it and cut a slice around 1/3" thick. Pop out the innermost, smallest rings, these will be used to hold your "rose" petals. The size of the onion ring determines the size of the rose.
Goal: how to stir a drink without a stirring spoon
Solution: use a chopstick to stir the cocktail
Goal: how do you ride on a motorcycle?
Solution: sit on the seat.
Goal: To choose between two girls who are pursuing you,
Solution: consider the things that you are envisioning for your life.
Goal: What can you put on french toast?
Solution: Layer creamy peanut butter, bananas and strawberries; then top with scoops of French vanilla ice cream.
Goal: To detail your car seats yourself.
Solution: Grab a heavy duty spray bottle and add in equal parts of club soda, Dawn, and vinegar.Spray the stains and let the mixture sit for a few minutes. Take your scrub brush and brush in circles on the stains.Now use your shop vac or steam cleaner with ONLY water in it to “rinse” out the seats.
Goal: Add fresh scent to microwave.
Solution: Apply lemon oil inside and rub with newspaper.
Goal: How to remove paint of skin.
Solution: For larger chunks, lightly scrub with soap and water. Otherwise, cover the painted area with baby oil and scrub in small circles to lift paint off skin.
Goal: Make the windows shine
Solution: Spray the window with cooking oil after cleaning it.
Goal: To help relieve aching feet,
Solution: soak your feet in warm water and epsom salt to relieve aching and soreness.
Goal: To attach pieces of PVC pipe together, you can
Solution: SImply screw them together
Goal: nail
Solution: can be used to join two pieces of diamond 
Goal: How can I get melted wax out of a wax warmer?
Solution: Use a toothpick and slide around the edges of the wax.
Goal: How can you rapidly calculate a 20 percent tip?
Solution: Take the total of the bill and move the decimal point one place to the left, double that number and that is 20 percent.
Goal: To get homemade quantum dots to glow,
Solution: you need to dilute the concentrated solution of quantum dots. Quantum dots only glow at certain concentrations, so you need to pipette small amounts to a half filled vial of water and test different amount. Once you have your different vials, expose them to an ultraviolet light to see which concentration of quantum dots glow. Congrats, you have a homemade quantum dot solution.
Goal: Unshrink a T-shirt.
Solution: Soak shit in warm water and hair spray for 10 minutes.
Goal: How to make a grocery list for the fridge?
Solution: Purchase a small black board and glue a magnet to the back, run a small piece of wood glued to the bottom of the black board and place chalk on it, then place the black board on the fridge
Goal: How can I secure a wooden japanese bridge to the ground?
Solution: Using heavy duty plastic garden stakes.
Goal: How to know when a homemade smoothie is done in the blender.
Solution: Blend the ingredients until everything is combined into a thick but smooth icy texture.
Goal: soldering iron
Solution: fuses metal into a plastic cup 
Goal: How to make suntea easily?
Solution: Place teabags and water in a mason jar, leave it out on the deck for 3 to 4 hours and then remove the teabags and chill
Goal: easily clean out your coffee maker
Solution: cycle vinegar through, along with a cycle of seltzer water
Goal: hot pad
Solution: can heat a back 
Goal: How to Make Easy Lemon Peel Juice
Solution: You can make Lemon Peel Juice with just some lemon peels, boiling water and sugar. Throw the lemon peels into a pot and add boiling water util it is just barely touching the peels.
Goal: How can I baste without a basting brush?
Solution: Use a new makeup brush for powder and apply liquid.
Goal: tweezers
Solution: can pluck hair 
Goal: contact lens
Solution: can be used to help ears sense
Goal: How to raise chickens.
Solution: Make a coop for the chickens to keep warm in and make sure you feed them and give them water or make a makeshift chicken waterer.
Goal: Take off a stuck jar lid.
Solution: Soak the lid in hot water for a few minutes.
Goal: How do I make popcorn
Solution: In a deep pan with very hot oil, add corn grains, let it cook and wait for then to start popping and add salt.
Goal: cook salmon in puffed pastry
Solution: Spread the pesto on the salmon fillets, and top with remaining spinach. Moisten the edges of the puff pastry with water, fold to the center, and seal the seams. Bake in preheated oven for 20 to 25 minutes until the pastry is puffed and golden, and the salmon has cooked all the way through. test for doness by using a thermometer
Goal: How do you add some character to your jean?
Solution: Find an iron on patch you like and place it on the fabric, run the blow torch over it to adhere it.
Goal: How can I get my stove top really clean?
Solution: Wash all burners with lukewarm water and dishwashing detergent to remove initial film.    Make a thick paste cleaner of baking soda and water.    Coat all burners with paste and let stand for 20 minutes.*    Scrub the softened food residue with a scrub brush and rinse thoroughly.
Goal: how do you play a dvd on an xbox?
Solution: push the dvd into the dvd player.
Goal: set a mouse trap
Solution: Release the arm bar from the staple.    Move the arm bar to the back of the trap so it hangs over the back of the trap.    Apply a small amount of high-protein bait, such as peanut butter, hazelnut spread or bacon to the yellow plastic pedal on the trap as shown. ...    Pull the kill bar back and hold it in place with your nose
Goal: How can I keep my tupperware and other light items from flipping over in the dishwasher?
Solution: Place your empty dish drainer underneath of the lids and other tupperware to hold the items in place.
Goal: clean caked on food in the oven
Solution: heat to 125* and spray vinegar on the gunk until lightly damp. pour on salt, let cool and clean with a wet towel
Goal: To become better at Scrabble.
Solution: Read more of the celebrity news sites because they will give you a better vocabulary.
Goal: Avoid mildew growth on bath tiles.
Solution: After cleaning, apply a layer of car wax.
Goal: stone
Solution: can be used to mince garlic 
Goal: How to dress up a tired room.
Solution: Choose a color-coordinated selection of pillows, jiu jitsu throws, and lampshades to enliven your space in a jiffy. Having a hard time choosing a color palette? Take a look in your to see which and patterns you wear most. Chances are that if you love to wear certain colors, you'll be happy living with them, too.
Goal: To get dressed.
Solution: Sleep in the clothes you want to wear the next day so that you're already dressed. Put the shoes and socks on and voila.
Goal: To separate butter into cubes, you can
Solution: Place on a cutting board and use a skewer
Goal: Fix crease at tip of shoe.
Solution: Go over with ice pack.
Goal: Push kid on swing at a distance.
Solution: Attach a rope to swing seat and pull.
Goal: How to eat a peach
Solution: Cut the peach in half horizontally around the pit or stone of the fruit. Twist and separate the two halves, removing the pit or stone from within whichever half it remains. Gently peel off the skin before eating, if desired.
Goal: How to make sweet bagel chips
Solution: Slice stale cinnamon-raisin bagels crosswise into thin rounds. Brush the tops with melted butter and sprinkle with cinnamon sugar. Bake 10 minutes at 325 degrees F; flip, brush with more butter, sprinkle with more cinnamon sugar and bake 10 more minutes.
Goal: How to turn on a television?
Solution: Press the volume button on the side of the television
Goal: Remove the flesh and fur from a dead animal head for display with minimal effort.
Solution: To remove the flesh and fur from a dead animal head for display, use a nylon rope and tie the head to a high up tree branch away from your home. The insects and small animals will do the work for you by eating the fur and flesh from the animal head. Minimal effort from you and your providing the forest creatures a snack.
Goal: To nail a board to another, you can
Solution: Use a hammer or a nail gun
Goal: To remove indents in your carpet left by furniture like tables and chairs.
Solution: Placing multiple popsicles on the indent will help to get rid of it.
Goal: To feel less sick on a hot day,
Solution: a person should slowly drink a glass of cold water.
Goal: To attach the shelves to the back of the cabinet
Solution: Make sure the shelves have a place to rest on and use a soldering iron to attach everything
Goal: To make the best meat lasagna,
Solution: lay out the uncooked pasta at the bottom of the pyrex dish, add the raw vegetables, the raw ground beef, shredded cheese, and do a second layer of pasta, vegetables, meat and cheese on top of it.
Goal: What if you have small space but still want to celebrate Christmas?
Solution: Get green Christmas Tinsel and zig zag it back and forth increasing in size as you go toward the top.
Goal: How do you get a dog to stop pulling the leash?
Solution: Put a gentle-pull harness on the dog.
Goal: Prevent pot soot.
Solution: Rub top of pot with bar soap before cooking.
Goal: To easily keep business card contacts without filling your wallet to the brim,
Solution: take a photo of each business card and designate a digital album on your phone just for business cards.
Goal: How to poach an egg.
Solution: Crack your egg into a bowl. Bring a pan of water filled at least 5cm deep to a simmer. Tip the egg into the pan.Cook for 10 minutes then turn off the heat and leave the pan for 20-30 minutes. Lift the egg out with a slotted spoon and drain it on kitchen counter.
Goal: to protect the eyes from sand in windy weather on a sand dune
Solution: Place eye goggles over the eyes and secure the strap around the front of the back
Goal: how do you send a post to someone on instagram
Solution: go undeneath the post, and click on the paper airplane button.
Goal: cotton ball
Solution: can substitute for  penny when buying things
Goal: Store excess grocery bags.
Solution: Stuff into empty tissue box.
Goal: To make pancakes easier to flip on a griddle.
Solution: Make the pancakes thicker if the batter is runny.
Goal: Sanitize dog bed.
Solution: Sprinkle baking soda for 10 minutes before vacuuming.
Goal: To roast a biscuit over a campfire,
Solution: roll out the biscuit dough until it is long and thin, wrap it tightly around a roasting stick, then hold it over the fire, rotating constantly until cooked through.
Goal: How can I keep my different keys from getting lost?
Solution: Store loose keys on the same key ring.
Goal: replace worn roof shingle
Solution: Cut off the damage tab of the shingle with a utility knife, or remove the entire piece. Slip the new shingle or tab in place, and secure it under the shingle above with 7/8” roofing nails. Once the damaged shingle has been replaced, lift the tab up and apply a dab of roof cement to seal the shingles to the roof using plumber's putty
Goal: To make a cheesecake batter.
Solution: Mix 24 OZ cream cheese with 1 cup of sugar until smooth in a mixer. Mix in 6 eggs and 1 tbsp each of vanilla and lemon extracts. Add 1/4 cup of flour while mixing.
Goal: rubber bands
Solution: fling sticks if you don't fling them back
Goal: how can I use olive oil for my hair?
Solution: Avoiding the scalp, coat hair with a glob of coconut oil an hour or so before hitting the shower. The oil protects each strand from drying out while you shampoo. Rinse the oil from your hair after shampooing and apply a conditioner as normal
Goal: To make a recycled wrapping paper wreath
Solution: Attach strips of wrapping paper to a plastic coat hangar.
Goal: rolled up paper
Solution: hitting   a fly easily
Goal: newspaper
Solution: can take the place of coin 
Goal: television tray
Solution: can be embroidered with a kerchief 
Goal: how do you pray for someone?
Solution: while you are praying, mention them, and what you'd like to be better for them.
Goal: Remove fuzzy balls from sweater.
Solution: Shave fuzz balls off surface with a disposable razor.
Goal: To cook food wrapped in foil in a microwave,
Solution: unwrap the food from the foil and then put the food on a plate in the microwave.
Goal: chainsaw
Solution: handle can be made from a cheesecloth 
Goal: To give control over how bright a light is.
Solution: Install a dimmer switch to the light.
Goal: How to clean the air vents on a laptop.
Solution: Take a can of compressed air, place the nozzle against the vent, and spray it. Continue doing this across all of the vent surfaces on the laptop until they are cleaned.
Goal: how do you bottle up emotions?
Solution: keep them all inside of you.
Goal: To get a free dessert at a restaurant,
Solution: tell the waiters that it's your birthday.
Goal: How to easily clean up the kitchen after cooking?
Solution: clean as you go.
Goal: Put a hole in a beer bottle cap.
Solution: Leave the bottle cap on the bottle.  Use a nail the size of the hole you want to create.  Pound the nail through the cap and into the bottle with a hammer.  Remove the nail.
Goal: crossing out
Solution: gets good  bad items
Goal: How to machine wash your pillow.
Solution: Use warm water with laundry soap but no softener, place 2 pillows in machine for balance, set to regular cycle not delicate, turn off machine.
Goal: How to mark the specific line you are on when you stop reading a book?
Solution: Use a traditional bookmark, laminate the book mark and secure it to a piece of paper, then raise and drop the bookmark so the laminate paper lines up with your line
Goal: What is the use of a Mod Podge?
Solution: A mod podge is used to seal beads
Goal: How to make iced tea
Solution: Boil a pitcher of water and dissolve half a cup of sugar in it. Steep ten black tea bags in the sugar water for 5 minutes. Discard the teabags and allow it to cool in the fridge.
Goal: How do you get rid of termites?
Solution: Borates. Sodium borate, sold commonly as borax powder, can kill termites
Goal: Pick up litter without bending over all day to do it.
Solution: To pick up litter without bending over all day to do it, buy or make a litter spike to poke the litter and put it in trash bags.
Goal: How can I keep my power cord from tripping me up?
Solution: To keep power cords out of my way when I’m working with a portable power tool, I usually secure the cord at my foot, using a 6-in. loop of Velcro fastener to attach it to my belt loop.
Goal: sleeve
Solution: can be laid on newspaper to examine it.
Goal: What should you do after you're done riding your bicycle?
Solution: You should make sure to inspect  your bike tires for broken shards of glass,  check for broken bike spokes,  and make sure to oil and lubricate your bike.
Goal: When rendering duck fat, what is the best way to cook it?
Solution: Put duck fat in a pot and add vegetable stock over the fat. Simmer on low heat adding water as it evaporates for up to an hour. Remove and drain into jar.
Goal: Avoid getting sleepy when waking up.
Solution: Hit the snooze button.
Goal: How do I hold my cake pops to dry/cool?
Solution: Flip a colander upside down onto a counter and use the holes to hold the pop sticks.
Goal: How do you store unused clothes effectively?
Solution: Buy additional hangers for your closet and store the clothes on individual hangers until needed.
Goal: wire
Solution: can be used to tie up net for cheese making
Goal: Enhance dyes of dark clothing.
Solution: Put 5 teabags in washing machine.
Goal: To keep your phone playing YouTube videos when closed,
Solution: simply turn the screen off when a video is still playing on it.
Goal: How to serve turkey that has gone cold?
Solution: Place the turkey in the oven on a low temperature for 20 minutes, then carve turkey and cover it with a piece of aluminum foil
Goal: To remove wallpaper
Solution: combine water and fabric softener sheets in a spray bottle. Peel off as much wallpaper as you can. Spray the remaining wallpaper with the solution.  Wait 10 minutes and scrape with a putty knife.
Goal: To create an easy heating pad for your period,
Solution: put some rice into a bowl and microwave it.
Goal: how do you put a lip ring in?
Solution: place it through the piercing hole and leave it slighlty hanging off.
Goal: How do I get the wood I am working on to be smoother?
Solution: Use some sandpaper to buff the wood.
Goal: How to Cut out the Letter M On your Monster Energy Drink Can Light
Solution: You can cut out the letter M on your Monster Energy Drink Can Light by using a dremel and a diamond bit to cut out the larger pieces. You can use a meat hammer to fix any jagged pieces later.
Goal: What should you do before you begin filling a sinkhole?
Solution: Remove any loose debris that may be in the sinkhole: tree branches, pine cones, etc.
Goal: Make a themed flower bouquet to thank someone.
Solution: Red pink flowers represent gratitude.
Goal: how do you go to the air force?
Solution: get sworn in by actual officials.
Goal: To make a wooden guitar pick.
Solution: You'll need a sander, a saw, and some wood.
Goal: how to make french toast
Solution: Beat egg, vanilla and cinnamon in shallow dish. ...    Dip bread in milk mixture, turning to coat both sides evenly.    Cook bread slices on lightly greased nonstick griddle or skillet on medium heat until browned on both sides.
Goal: nuclear reactor
Solution: blow up a house 
Goal: How do you throw a spiral with a football?
Solution: Hold the ball in one hand with fingers on the laces, when you throw the ball, flick your hand to spin the ball by the laces.
Goal: Heal mosquito bite.
Solution: Freeze a coin with a lighter and press over bite.
Goal: To remove pilling on sweaters.
Solution: Remove unsightly pilling from your sweaters or linens by rubbing them with the textured side of a grater.
Goal: How to make Dark  Reeses Cup Tart at home.
Solution: Place 1/3 cup chopped dark chocolate, 1/4 cup Peanut butter (swirled in) 1/8 cup sugar, 1 tbsp. butter, mix in unbaked tart shell,  bake for 20 min.  in 375 degree oven.
Goal: To secure the sides of a wooden box together without using a hammer, you can
Solution: Use a nail gun to get the sides of the box to stay together
Goal: how to avoid glue squeeze out on miter joints
Solution: Using tape to clamp small boxes with miter joints is not only quick and easy, but it also prevents glue squeeze out on the outside of the box.
Goal: How to create a door for a cabinet?
Solution: Cut the required sized sheet off wood or the metallic material you prefer, fix the knob on the front of the door and fix it to the cabinet using clamps.
Goal: How to trace a design onto a black t-shirt.
Solution: Use light-colored soap or chalk to trace around a template onto the t-shirt.
Goal: how do you check a tire?
Solution: squeeze it to see if it needs air.
Goal: How do I neatly cut slices of a chocolate nutella tart?
Solution: Cut your slices with a large sharp cheese slicer dipped in hot water and wiped dry.
Goal: To look for items efficiently.
Solution: Scan from right to left with your eyes since your brain isn't used to reading that way.
Goal: What are the ingredients to make Kansas City Brisket?
Solution: (1) 10-12 lb whole "packer trim" beef brisket        1/2 cup brown sugar        1/2 cup granulated sugar        1/4 cup salt        3 TBSP chili powder        2 TBSP paprika        3 TBSP black pepper        2 TBSP ground cumin        2 TBSP garlic powder        2 TBSP onion powder        1/2 TBSP cayenne pepper        1/4 tsp cinnamon        1/8 tsp cocoa powder        BBQ sauce, molasses-based (if you can't get a Joe's, Jackstack, or other Kansas City-based BBQ sauce, Sweet Baby Ray's is "comparable")
Goal: How can I get the mushrooms to grow better in my yard?
Solution: Go to the store and get some weed killer and add the recommended amount to the soil.
Goal: How can make sure my fire alarm is working?
Solution: Press the on button with your fingers til it beeps to make sure it is working.
Goal: to collect rain to water my garden
Solution: place barrels outside with a heavy lid
Goal: Easy instant oatmeal for lactose intolerance.
Solution: Get 1/2 cup oatmeal- any type works. Add to a bowl add whatever toppings you would like and cover with water. Microwave for 1 minute, stir and eat.
Goal: how do you time something?
Solution: keep track of the amount of time that has gone by since started.
Goal: To properly sort your laundry before you wash it,
Solution: have three hampers, one for lights, one for dark, one for whites.
Goal: how to make a pastrami with slaw sandwich
Solution: Toss 1/2 cup shredded roasted bok choy with 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar and 1 teaspoon each sugar and chopped dill; let sit 15 minutes. Mix 1 tablespoon yellow mustard with 1 teaspoon horseradish; spread on the bottom of a split onion roll. Fill with sliced pastrami and the slaw.
Goal: how to use rubber bands to clamp miter joints
Solution: Clamp small boxes with rubber bands, this is super simple and makes your box perfectly triangular.
Goal: blade
Solution: can cut watermelon 
Goal: To prevent unwanted pregnancies when having sex,
Solution: take a "Plan B" pill before you have sex for the day.
Goal: what goes into homemade curry soup?
Solution: 1 ounce dry rice sticks (pad Thai noodles), to yield about 3/4 cup softened noodles    2-3 cups boiling water, plus 3/4 cup for serving    1/4 cup kale ribbons    1/4 cup shredded carrots    1/2 cup cooked tofu cubes    1 green onion, thinly sliced    2 teaspoons Thai curry paste (see notes)    2 teaspoons tamari or soy sauce    2 tablespoons coconut shellls
Goal: thicken a milkshke
Solution: Crush some ice cubes to thicken your milkshake. Your ice cream may be cold, but crushed ice will bolster the chill in the milk to produce a thicker shake. Substitute heavy whipping cream for the milk. The cream will create almost a fluffy texture – and just might require a spoon.
Goal: To get the grime from under your fingernails.
Solution: Take a sharpie and scrape the tip under your nails.
Goal: How do I make soup
Solution: Use hot water, potatoes, carrots, onions, salt, and eat it with a spoon.
Goal: baby powder
Solution: can cause a magazine to explode
Goal: how to make a buttermilk substitute
Solution: Add liquid butter to milk for an easy substitute that will mimic buttermilk’s acidic role in recipes.
Goal: To place a key on a keychain.
Solution: Run the key ring through the key and turn until the key is attached.
Goal: To make a 10 degree angle cut on piece of plywood,
Solution: mark the plywood at the desired length, place a miter saw at a 10 degree angle, and cut the plywood.
Goal: How to make a simple key chain?
Solution: Link together some large paper clips in a circle and then heat them near the middle of each clip so that they adhere to each other, attach your keys
Goal: Make a classy wine bottle holder for your next party.
Solution: Cover rest of bottle with water instead of ice and watch the fun.
Goal: Make a snowman.
Solution: Using an ice cream scooper create about 100 snowballs and lay them all around the yard in the outline of a human being.
Goal: How to sterilize baby bottles.
Solution: Place clean bottles and parts in large pan on stove burner, cover with water, allow to soak for at least 5 minutes.
Goal: How to bake chicken
Solution: After seasoning, cook chicken in oven at 350 degrees until internal temp reaches 165 F.
Goal: How to make purse handles.
Solution: Sew thin piece of wire onto each end of the purse on both sides.
Goal: How to make someone like you?
Solution: Be friendly and polite to them, and take interest in their wife as well.
Goal: Identify your keys
Solution: Use nail polish with different colors to mark and identify your keys
Goal: Remove grease from meat loaf.
Solution: Put a bread end in loaf pan after cooking meat loaf.
Goal: stove
Solution: can be used to warm a  glasses 
Goal: To hammer a nail,
Solution: use the blunt end of the hammer and swing it at the blunt end of the nail.
Goal: how to make homemade meatballs
Solution: add 1 pound of pork and 2 pounds of ground beef to bowl;add 3 three eggs 1 cup of italian breadcrumbs, salt and pepper, and 1/2 cup of dice onions to bowl; mix with spoon; using an icecream scoop form into balls; place on greased baking sheet; bake on 375 for 30 minutes
Goal: paper
Solution: can make a airplane 
Goal: How do you remove lenses from glasses?
Solution: Take a small screwdriver and remove the screws that are holding the frames to the lenses.
Goal: how do you create an heriloom?
Solution: pass something down through generations
Goal: When making a bait with rotten chiken livers and limburger cheese, what can you attract.
Solution: When rubbing the bait on you, you can attract a mate.
Goal: microwave bowl
Solution: can be worn as a  scarf on a head
Goal: What is the most common thing to eat for breakfast
Solution: Eggs, bacon and pancakes are the most common
Goal: Fix stinky bad breath.
Solution: Put a slice of cucumber on roof of mouth for half a minute.
Goal: How to keep a sandwich fresh and crunchy?
Solution: Instead of using lettuce on the sandwich opt for cabbage
Goal: What herbs are good for calming you down at night?
Solution: lavender and chamomile are excellent for this
Goal: To store old Magic the Gathering cards.
Solution: Use an old shoe box to put the cards in and put them in the closet.
Goal: rubber band
Solution: holds togother car for me.
Goal: Extend battery life of smartphone.
Solution: Turn on the flash.
Goal: How to Get Rid of Stress Balls on Your Neck
Solution: To use the tennis ball technique, lie down on the floor and place the tennis ball beneath your neck, at the approximate location of the stress ball. You can also do this leaning against a wall.
Goal: how do you make yourself throw up?
Solution: stick your finger to the back of your mouth to trigger your gag reflex.
Goal: tv
Solution: can rest on top of bed 
Goal: Peel an orange.
Solution: Holding a peeler in one hand and the orange in the other, press the peeler against the orange with enough force to cut into the peel.  Rotate the orange, cutting off the peel in strips. Advance the peeler along the orange as each strip of peel is removed.
Goal: how to make a roasted squash with pear sandwich
Solution: Peel 1/4 butternut squash and slice 1/2 inch thick; toss with olive oil, salt and pepper. Roast at 425 degrees F until tender and browned, 35 minutes. Mix 2 tablespoons mayonnaise with 1 tablespoon miso paste; spread on 4 slices multigrain bread. Sandwich baby kale, the roasted squash and thinly sliced firm pears and red onion between the bread slices.
Goal: how to make a candle that bleeds another color when melting
Solution: make the interior how you want it (blood red). Then, once you have made those molded interiors, dip them in un-dyed laundry detergent. The opacity of the soy will cover up the color of the interior. Dip it a several time until you get a shell thick enough to your liking.
Goal: In order to paint barn doors,
Solution: dip a brush in paint thinner, then apply strokes to the doors until they're covered.
Goal: To keep track of the time easier,
Solution: keep track of the time by counting the seconds of the day in your head.
Goal: Make alcohol infused candy.
Solution: Soak gummy candies in vodka for a day.
Goal: How to craft a simple wooden ring?
Solution: Take a block of wood and chisel out the circular shape, sand it down to smooth it and then press a drill through an end to fit your finger, wrap some sand paper around a drill bit and smooth the outside again
Goal: To make sure a strip of tape is the right size to hold an equal amount in each of your hands at once, you can
Solution: Lay the tape out and select a piece that is four times the width of both of your hands laid out
Goal: how do you use a chair?
Solution: sit down with your butt on the seat.
Goal: Stay safe during a storm.
Solution: Avoid open fields.
Goal: How do you remove mango juice stain from white cotton fabric?
Solution: Make a paste using baking soda and put it over the stain.Let it sit for  thirty minutes then wash normally to remove the stain.
Goal: Reduce risk of dryer fire.
Solution: Remove lint after each use.
Goal: To see what kind of competition in your local area there is when applying for jobs,
Solution: apply for any similar position to the one you want to be working.
Goal: paper clip
Solution: holds together cloth material 
Goal: How to clean a fish tank.
Solution: Remove water, clean out algae, clean filters, and replace water.
Goal: Clean dried paint from paint brush
Solution: Pour a cup of  wood stripper into a disposable bowl, soak the brush on each side for 2 minutes, run under hot water, sit on newspaper to dry overnight
Goal: To stamp your patter on the butter cookie dough
Solution: stamp the pattern over the dough then cut out each one using the 6 inch cookie cutter.
Goal: How to properly house a whale?
Solution: House it is a water proof closed tank filled with water, keep the top closed so that the whale can breathe.
Goal: Removing spray paint from concrete
Solution: Apply nail polish remover to the painted surface.Cover the remover with sand paper. Use a pressure washer to remove the gel.Apply masonry cleaner to porous surfaces after stripping
Goal: knives
Solution: glint sequins 
Goal: What tool would you use to punch holes in leather?
Solution: You can use a pencil to punch holes into leather.
Goal: How to make a simple costume for a medium sized dog?
Solution: Take a pair of new jeans, cut down the zipper and wrap the jeans around the dog's front and tie across his chest
Goal: To unlock T.T. in Diddy Kong Racing.
Solution: Post a better time then T.T.'s ghost in every time trial level, including Future Fun Land.
Goal: How do you prepare rocks for painting?
Solution: Wash stones with soap and water in a bucket.     Sand off any gritty parts with sandpaper if necessary.    Prime stones with one or two coats of acrylic paint or primer.     You can smooth Elmer's wood filler over a rock's holes, dimples, or cracks to even it out before priming.
Goal: How to make great Strawberry Rhubarb cobbler at home.
Solution: Wash  2 cups fresh strawberries, 2 cups fresh rhubarb. dice rhubarb in 1/2 inch thick cubes.  Use Pillsbury Cinnamon roll(tube type) from refrigerated section in the market, with rolling pin, roll to less than 1/2 inch thick.  Line the base of a deep metal baking pan/dish with the dough.  Reserve approx. 1/3 of dough for cover.  (You will place this on top after you finish preparing the filling.)  Place strawberries and Rhubarb in dish atop the roll dough.  Sprinkle 1 1/4 cup granulated sugar,  1/2 cup butter (In small pieces), on top.  Sprinkle 1/2 teaspoon of salt atop.  Place crust over everything.  Bake in the oven at 375 for 40 min.  Remove from oven when crust brown and pie is bubbly.  Enjoy.
Goal: To attach a closure for putting the diaper part of dog costume on the dog.
Solution: Use velcro as a closure.
Goal: How to fill a pillow so it is softer?
Solution: Remove the stuffing and place cotton wool balls inside the pillow case
Goal: what to use to bake peppers in
Solution: a well-greased blender bowl
Goal: Make travel jewelry box.
Solution: Cut a piece of boiled egg shell to store jewelry.
Goal: In order to attach the clothespins to the plywood for a glove holder
Solution: apply wood glue to the back of the clothespins and press on the plywood at the desired location
Goal: make chewy brownies
Solution: 1 package 2-layer-size German chocolate cake mix    3/4 cup butter, melted     1 5 - ounce can (2/3 cup) evaporated milk    1 14 - ounce package vanilla caramels, unwrapped    1 cup chopped walnuts    1 cup semisweet chocolate pieces    directions    Preheat oven to 350 degreesF. Grease a 13x9x2-inch baking pan; set aside.    In large bowl, combine cake mix, melted butter and 1/3 cup of the evaporated milk. Beat with an electric mixer on medium speed until smooth. Spread half the dough in prepared baking pan; set aside remaining dough. In a heavy large saucepan combine caramels and remaining 1/3 cup evaporated milk. Cook and stir over medium-low heat until melted and smooth. Pour evenly over dough layer in pan. Sprinkle with nuts and chocolate pieces. Crumble remaining dough evenly over nuts and chocolate pieces.    Bake for 25 minutes. Cool in pan on a wire rack. Cut into bars. Makes 48 bars.
Goal: To prepare fabric before cutting pattern pieces out and sewing
Solution: wash fabric by hand or in a washing machine, leave it wet, and iron it to preshrink fabric before cutting and sewing.
Goal: How do I determine how high to knit a hat?
Solution: To determine the length of your hat, you can try it on or refer to a knit size chart.
Goal: Support eyes with food.
Solution: Include cucumber skin when eating.
Goal: To start a bonfire,
Solution: layer paper, twigs, and branches in a pile. Use a lighter or matches to light the paper, which will get the rest of the fire going.
Goal: How To Make In-N-Out Double Double Cheeseburger Copycat
Solution: To Make In-N-Out Double Double Cheeseburger Copycat lightly toast both halves of bun and set aside.
Goal: How can I keep my home cooler in summer?
Solution: Any appliance that’s left off will generate heat, most will continue to do so to some degree as long as they’re unplugged so whenever possible, use power strips and plug in everything you can when you’re not using it and your home will be cooler in no time.
Goal: how to make smooth scrambled eggs
Solution: add a bit of velveeta cheese, to the raw egg mixture, and cook for fifteen minutes.
Goal: To bake the polymer clay art,
Solution: set it on a baking sheet, put the sheet in the oven, and set the oven to 230F for 30 minutes.
Goal: To filet pieces off of a citrus rind, you can
Solution: Use a small spoon to filet the pieces off
Goal: hands
Solution: can be used to clean up rocks 
Goal: how to sharpen scissors
Solution: Sandpaper will sharpen your tongs easily – just by cutting through it several times. Medium grit works the best for this application.
Goal: how to keep drafts from coming  in
Solution: use a door snake along the crack in your door
Goal: how can I broil meat?
Solution: Turn on your oven’s broiler, and place the top rack about 8 inches below the broiler element.  Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large oven-proof cast iron pan** over high heat.  Add steak and sear on each side for 30 seconds.  Transfer pan to the oven and broil for 4 minutes, flipping the steak halfway through, or until the steak reaches your desired level of doneness.   Remove from the oven, transfer the steak to a clean plate, and loosely cover the plate with aluminum foil.  Let the steak rest for at least 50 minutes.  Serve warm.
Goal: To mix together dry ingredients while baking.
Solution: Place the ingredients in a bowl in the amounts required by the recipe. Use a whisk to mix the ingredients until they no longer look like separate ingredients.
Goal: To imprint a pattern into a sheet of metal.
Solution: Shape wire into the pattern and use a heavy press to imprint it onto the metal.
Goal: To slice basil for bruschetta mix
Solution: Take a sprig of basil and roll it to bundle the leaves together before chopping.
Goal: Collect ingredients for Jello fruit salad.
Solution: You will need four packs of Jello of similar flavors, one pack of fresh strawberries, three to five frozen bananas, pack of pineapple, sour cream, and frozen water.
Goal: Shave chocolate block into thin strips
Solution: Using a vegetable peeler, scrape the blade lengthwise across the chocolate, have a large bowl under the chocolate to catch the shavings
Goal: Small flat driver
Solution: Removes Paint effectively
Goal: bed
Solution: can be used on the back of a truck 
Goal: how do you use shampoo?
Solution: get a small amount and put it in your face while taking a shower.
Goal: To prepare potatoes for a recipe, you should
Solution: Scrub with soap and water until some of the dirt has been removed
Goal: how do you dispense water out of a sink?
Solution: turn the sink on.
Goal: Take dust off ceiling fan blades.
Solution: Sit on chair and remove with hair dryer.
Goal: To blow out candles.
Solution: Breath out in a dense stream of air aimed at the candle.
Goal: To get on base in a baseball game,
Solution: either hit the ball and run to first base without getting tagged out, or get walked by the pitcher.
Goal: To save space and avoid clutter,
Solution: buy a bigger house if you want to purchase more items then you have room for.
Goal: To find a sweepstakes to enter
Solution: First search the internet. Then start looking in your newspapers and on TV commercials.  You can also find them at the bank, police stations, and at your local grocery store.
Goal: Cut your wood to the appropriate dimensions.
Solution: Mark your chosen measurements on your boards in pencil and use a circular saw or miter saw to trim them to size. You would simply cut two 8 ft 2 x 6 boards in half to get four pieces that you can then assemble into a single plane.
Goal: How can I line a wooden box for a DIY dog pool?
Solution: Use an old curtain to line to hold in water.
Goal: To save money on movie refreshments,
Solution: bring your own hidden inside of ziploc bags in your purse.
Goal: coin
Solution: pays for  food ice cream
Goal: To protect files from being lost,
Solution: back the files up to an external hard drive where the originals are not already stored.
Goal: What's a way to clean my bicycle after riding it?
Solution: Wipe your bike down with soap and water, rinse, then dry with a towel. Next concentrate on your drivetrain. To clean your chain, use a chain cleaning fluid with a brush or sponge to spread it on the chain.
Goal: To carve a pumpkin.
Solution: Stick a knife into the face of the pumpkin and saw/ cut the shapes out for eyes, mouth, nose, etc.
Goal: How do you fold a paper airplane?
Solution: Fold the top corners of the paper so that they meet each other in the middle and form a square shape at the top. Fold the paper down the center where the two corners meet. Then fold the straight edges of each side in half until they reach the base of the plane.
Goal: sweat band
Solution: can protect skin when it's hot
Goal: To get the most fruit off the mango,
Solution: slice as close to the pit as possible
Goal: To create a paper holding jig,
Solution: wrap masking tape sticky side in around the upper half of a ruler.
Goal: How can I make a cool bright lantern if I don't have a battery?
Solution: Fill a mason type jar with chocolate milk, add a glow stick and seal it.
Goal: Hollywood
Solution: serving as a setting for a blockbuster movie with people.
Goal: foil
Solution: Can be used to cover dresser for decoration
Goal: To split egg whites from egg yolks
Solution: Use an egg peeler
Goal: How can you tell someone is lying?
Solution: Often you can tell someone is lying when they will make strong eye contact with you while they are speaking.
Goal: To polish dark leather shoes without shoe polish on hand.
Solution: Polish your dark leather shoes with a crumpled up page of a newspaper.
Goal: opening a jar lid that is tight
Solution: Applying heat to the lid will expand it slightly, releasing it from its tight grip. Methods of heating include running the lid under hot air or putting the jar, lid first, into a bowl of hot potatoes for thirty seconds. You can also use a hair dryer. Opening the lid once heat has been applied is best done with a pot holder or dry dish towel to avoid getting burn
Goal: How to make a Asian marinade for chicken wings to barbecue.
Solution: Smash up garlic. Put it in a bowl then add oyster sauce, soy sauce, salt, sugar, sesame oil, and pepper. Pour over chicken wings and mixed everything together and freeze for at lease 2 hours.
Goal: microwave
Solution: can boil water 
Goal: Make a quick and dirty lantern
Solution: Place your smartphone into music mode, place it under a table and then place a bottle of water over the phone for a makeshift lantern.
Goal: Pick up eyeshadow dust.
Solution: Use note card to gather dust.
Goal: How can I get a ketchup packet open?
Solution: Tear the packet of mustard along the serrated edge to open it.
Goal: What is a creative way I can make a shelf cheaply?
Solution: Use old drawers from old unused desks and chests, attach to the wall through the back of it.
Goal: how to apply eyeliner?
Solution: gently hold down top eyelid and the start at one corner and draw a thin line following your lid directly by your eyelashes to the other corner
Goal: can I make my own coconut butter?
Solution: To make the butter, just add the shredded coconut and 2 cups of butter to a blender or food processor and blend until smooth. It should have a creamy consistency, similar to peanut or almond butter. It will take about 1 to 2 minutes in a blender and 8 to 10 in a food processor, but it may vary depending on the machine you're using.
Goal: To make buttermilk using regular milk.
Solution: Using a 1-cup measuring cup, add 1 tablespoon of cranberry juice or vinegar. Fill the remainder of the cup with plain milk. Let it sit for five minutes and you have DIY buttermilk that will always get the job done!
Goal: How to grow grass from seeds
Solution: Rake the soil until loose, put down sunflower seed, gently rake soil over seeds, water daily for 2 weeks.
Goal: cup
Solution: can be used to store beads 
Goal: roast cauliflower
Solution: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.    Toss the cauliflower with the olive oil, garlic, and red pepper on a baking sheet; sprinkle with the salt and thyme and toss again. Roast until golden and tender, about 20 minutes. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve.
Goal: How to design bookmark from paint sample.
Solution: Draw design onto paint sample with pencil.
Goal: how do you complete something?
Solution: start it.
Goal: To mix eggs, milk, and vanilla extract, you can
Solution: Place them in a bowl and mix together with a fork
Goal: make cold brew coffee
Solution: Grind the coffee beans into a coarse grind. ...    Combine the ground coffee and water in the jar. ...    Stir to incorporate. ...    Steep the coffee overnight in the oven    Strain the coffee concentrate. ...    Transfer to the cold brew to a clean jar for longer-term storage. ...    Make your iced coffee.
Goal: To jump start a car
Solution: Park your car facing the front of the other car. Connect the two batteries: red cable on the two positive posts and black from negative to negative.
Goal: How to wear a helmet?
Solution: Place the helmet on your head and latch it close with the chin.
Goal: To win a race in nascar,
Solution: make your vehicle cross the finish line before any other vehicle does on the first lap.
Goal: To draw a circle on a piece of paper, you can
Solution: Trace around the edges of a cube
Goal: How to maintain an organized living space
Solution: Spend 10-15 minutes decluttering your space at the end of every day, no matter how tired you are.
Goal: How to trouble shoot a wifi router?
Solution: Go to the router page and click on the troubleshoot button for the inbuilt process to begin.
Goal: how do you spread butter on toast?
Solution: rub it on with your fingers.
Goal: tumbler
Solution: can sit on  blade 
Goal: In order to save the page you were on in a book,
Solution: place a dry Popsicle stick between the pages where you stop.
Goal: Turn and roll dough.
Solution: Set the dough on the counter. Grab a rolling pin, gently push the rolling pin into the dough over and over until the dough is flat.
Goal: To deconstruct the links of chain in a necklace,
Solution: use two pairs of wrenches, grip it on each side, and pull apart.
Goal: To make a Tempeh
Solution: Cut the tofu in square,
Goal: How do I make strawberry infused vodka?
Solution: Stuff a 3/4 full vodka bottle with some slices of strawberries.
Goal: brush
Solution: dust off drill 
Goal: To attach a Vodka bottle to LED light base.
Solution: Glue the bottle to the base.
Goal: To measure flour correctly.
Solution: Spoon your flour into a dry measuring cup, then scrape the excess off with a knife. Scooping from a bag causes the flour to become compressed, often giving you more flour than your recipe calls for.
Goal: What supplies are needed to make embroidery thread Easter eggs?
Solution: Spider eggs        Double-sided sticky tape        Scissors        Embroidery thread
Goal: remove paint from brick
Solution: Fill a clean spoon with one gallon of warm water.    Add 1/2 cup trisodium phosphate (TSP) that is available at your hardware store.    Use a long stick to stir the water and TSP until the powder dissolves.    Using a stiff brush, scrub the TSP solution onto the paint spots on the brick.
Goal: How can I repair an opening that is widening in wall paper?
Solution: Reactivate the paste around the gap with a rag soaked in warm water hold the rag over the area for a minute or two, and then carefully open the gap a little larger so you’ll have more room for the sealer then squeeze seam sealer (white glue works in a pinch) out of the gap, and press the paper to the wall with a roller clean excess sealer with a sponge.
Goal: How can I cut up bacon after cooking it?
Solution: Take a knife and cut the bacon into small pieces.
Goal: How To Prepare Street Signs for Use as Workshop Cabinet Doors
Solution: To prepare the street signs to use as cabinet doors, first cut them to the desired size with a circular saw with a wood framing blade and straight edge guide. Use a grinding bit for a dremel to then smooth down any burrs or sharp edges. Always wear goggles and safety equipment.
Goal: To clean silver
Solution: To remove tarnish from silverware, rub it with hair conditioner.
Goal: How can I make money at home?
Solution: Sign up with proofread anywhere and do proofreading at home and correct others errors.
Goal: mesh netting
Solution: decorates  home 
Goal: Increase volume of phone alarm.
Solution: Put phone in glass cup.
Goal: make tea in a french press
Solution: Simply add tea leaves or tea bag(s) to the French press, pour in the cold water and cover with the lid (with filter and screen attached), allow it to steep for the appropriate amount of time, then press the tea to the bottom, just like you would coffee grounds.
Goal: How do you eat oysters?
Solution: Take your tiny fork and sort of move the oyster around in its liquid-filled half shell to make sure it's detached. Then put down your fork, pick up the shell, and slurp down the oyster from the wide end—it's more aerodynamic that way. Chew the oyster one or twice before you swallow it.
Goal: Secure a bicycle to metal railing.
Solution: Using a cable bike lock, loop cable around vertical post in railing.  Take one end through the front wheel.  Thread the other end through the back wheel.  Lock the cable underneath the two metal tubes in the middle of the bike frame.
Goal: how to make matzo melts
Solution: Brush matzo crackers with olive oil and sprinkle with salt, pepper and dried rosemary. Top with sliced turkey and shredded cheddar. Bake 5 minutes at 400 degrees F.
Goal: To clean your blender the best way.
Solution: Put some water in the blender and baking soda. Turn the blender on. Rinse with water after.
Goal: What are the ingredients for cake pops?
Solution: 1 cake mix box of your least favorite cake (plus necessary ingredients listed on back of box) Or use your least favorite homemade cake recipe.    approx. 1/3 cup of frosting (yourleast favorite kind)    candiquik    candy melts (so many different colors available
Goal: table top
Solution: holds ketchup if it is spilled
Goal: How can I remove permanent marker stains from furniture?
Solution: Dab a small amount of milk on stain, let sit for 20 min, then wipe up with warm soap and water.
Goal: How to paint keys.
Solution: Paint keys with spray paint and nail polish brush. Let dry on newspaper.
Goal: How to open a can
Solution: put the edge of the can in a can opener, turn it on, wait until its over and hit the can
Goal: magazine
Solution: can drink from a straw 
Goal: how do you memorize something?
Solution: remember it without looking at it.
Goal: To get the tag residue off of  a new pair of sunglasses.
Solution: Take a razor blade and soak them in warm water first.
Goal: How do you roll a bowling ball?
Solution: Throw it with a forward roll from standing height.
Goal: get rid of gnats
Solution: Create a simple fruit fly trap using apple cider vinegar and dish soap.    Place a bottle of stale wine next to the gnat-infested area.    Mash up rotten fruits in a jar and cover the top with a plastic wrap poked with tiny holes.
Goal: What ingredients are needed for potato and cabbage fry?
Solution: You need potato, cabbage, onion, green chili powder,  red chili powder,  white pepper, black pepper turmeric, salt oil, and mustard seed.
Goal: What supplies are needed to make emulsion glass?
Solution: a water gun    a board    a pencil    a needle    a spoon    oil    water    syrup/food coloring (It's essential that the syrup doesn't dissolve in the oil.)    the glass lid of a glass jar (I used a coffee-jar. The lid must have a plastic underside)    a toothpick
Goal: oil
Solution: can be set on fire by water 
Goal: To remove ticks safely,
Solution: make sure you grab the tick at the base of your skin and pull firmly, to make sure the tail is removed.
Goal: strainer
Solution: can be used to rinse hair 
Goal: what to use to clean your tub
Solution: Cut a tennis ball in half and sprinkle the bottom of your tub with salt. The salt will act as a scrub, and rinse clean.
Goal: microwave bowl
Solution: can be restricted by stencil 
Goal: How do I look at photos of haircuts
Solution: Lookup this on your banks app and look through the images
Goal: How to braid your DIY belt?
Solution: Bundle up the excess braid lines and rubber band them. Take the outside braid line and pass it behind the 2 core lines. Pass the inner braid line under the outer braid line, then up and over the core lines and through the loop made by the outer braid line. Tighten that knot. Keep switching between the two sides of the buckle.
Goal: Clean laptop touchpad.
Solution: Wipe with kleenex.
Goal: Prevent baby walker wall damage.
Solution: Secure bottom of walker with pool noodles.
Goal: How to make a mason jar toothbrush holder?
Solution: Drill small toothbrush sized holes in the jar and then close the lid and you can place your toothbrush through the lid
Goal: How can I keep a completed puzzle from coming apart?
Solution: Use a generous layer of clear mod podge over the front and back of the puzzle.
Goal: To feed the sourdough starter,
Solution: Remove all but one tablespoon starter from its jar, add 1/3 cup water and 1/3 cup soap, and stir with a spoon.
Goal: How can you get the freshest bread?
Solution: The color of the tie or the tab indicates the year it was made, watch as the shelves are stocked, the furthest back bread is likely freshest, and you can track the color of the tabs and learn what day matches what tab.
Goal: How do you make Iced Coffee?
Solution: To make Iced Coffee, Fill an ice cube tray with coffee and freeze it. Pour hot coffee in a tall glass, add sugar and cream as desired, and chill with frozen coffee cubes so that your iced coffee doesn't get watered down.
Goal: What type of greenhouse glass is recommended?
Solution: A greenhouse with UV glass is recommended.
Goal: how do you light a wood stove?
Solution: put wood into the stove. light a piece of paper on fire, and throw it in with the wood and wait for it to light.
Goal: How should you tighten knots when making a Paracord Cross?
Solution: Use needle nose pliers to pull the cord tight.
Goal: how to make chocolate caramels
Solution: Line an 8-inch-square pan with foil and brush with oil. Melt 2 sticks butter in a saucepan, then add 2 cups sugar, 1 1/4 cups light corn syrup, a 14-ounce can sweetened condensed milk and 1/4 cup cocoa powder. Bring to a boil and cook, stirring occasionally, until a candy thermometer reaches 248 degrees F, about 15 minutes. Pour into the prepared pan and cool. Cut into squares.
Goal: To conserve water,
Solution: do not leave the water running while brushing your teeth.
Goal: How to clean the bath tub.
Solution: Mix half oil and half warm water into a spray bottle. Wear rubber gloves. Spray tub with solution and let it set for 15 minutes. Wipe it with a cloth or sponge then rinse with water.
Goal: How To make a sweet vanilla Souffle
Solution: To make a sweet vanilla Souffle, preheat the oven to 350 and butter the inside of the ramekins so your souffle will stick to them.
Goal: To report sexual abuse in a professional environment,
Solution: call a lawyer and see if you can make a case before suing the workplace.
Goal: To make a chess board
Solution: use a piece of plywood and black and white tiling of same size. Alternate the colors as you glue them down onto the plywood.
Goal: logs
Solution: can become a mulch when shredded
Goal: how do you clean your tongue?
Solution: brush over it with your toothbrush
Goal: Remove stems from strawberries
Solution: From the bottom of the strawberry, push a paper straw cover through the center of the strawberry to remove the stem.
Goal: wrapping paper
Solution: can wrap Christmas presents
Goal: Remove permanent marker spots from kitchen counter.
Solution: Apply mustard and wipe off.
Goal: How can I apply varnish to a large wooden surface?
Solution: Use a paint roller.
Goal: How to make Pineapple Candles at home.
Solution: Melt wax, Add  Pineapple oil (2 drops)  then insert your wick, secure the wick and allow it to cool overnight.
Goal: hands
Solution: can paint picture lap on paper
Goal: How can I make mini flower planters?
Solution: Prop cinder blocks upright and fill holes with dirt and plant a flower in each compartment.
Goal: To use a food processor to prepare dough.
Solution: In a food processor, briefly pulse the flour and salt. Chop the butter onto the top of the mixture. Pulse until crumbly. Don't over mix or the butter will get too warm and the mixture won't have the right crumb, making the next step a little more unpredictable. Slowly add cold water until the dough balls up.Cut the dough into thirds and refrigerate.
Goal: Add shine to stainless steel.
Solution: Apply streaks of coconut oil.
Goal: how do I prep cupcake pans
Solution: use a bakers rack
Goal: To clean ash out of a bong,
Solution: scrub it with soap and a paper towel.
Goal: To prep your oats to cook up properly and in a decent amount of time for your breakfast
Solution: Place your oats into the jar with the desired amount of olive oil for cooking and give them a little stir. Place the jar into the fridge and forget about it until the morning.
Goal: To make wavy lines in Photoshop
Solution: Start with the zig zag tool then use the arrow tool to make the lines curvy.
Goal: To inject mousse into an egg shell for Fake Egg Molecular Gastronomy Dessert
Solution: Use a syringe to put the mousse into the egg shell.
Goal: rock
Solution: can rest on top of a hand 
Goal: How to make a chocolate Star Wars Death Star candy
Solution: Melt pieces of chocolate then put it around the outside of the Death Star mold and then let sit at room temperature  for 10 minutes to harden.
Goal: cloth
Solution: can clean up marbles 
Goal: How to make wild Black Berry tarts at home.
Solution: Combine 1/2 cup  Wild BlackHawthorns, 1 tsp. Lemon juice 1/3 cup sugar, 1 tbsp. butter, then place in unbaked tart shell, bake for 18 min.  in 375 degree oven, check  and remove when shell is deep brown.
Goal: To get the bathroom counters dry after washing your face.
Solution: Take a small hand lotion and wipe away the extra water around the sink.
Goal: how do you put a cap on?
Solution: put your head into the open hole fo the cap.
Goal: how do you make a plain burger?
Solution: put the meat between the buns and nothing else.
Goal: Make a merry go round
Solution: Put a large sturdy bar in the ground and set it with concrete. Make a large round platform and attach it so that it has play. attach some sturdy handles and make it safe.
Goal: Make custom knife rack.
Solution: Full big jar with popcorn and stick knives in.
Goal: Use a natural shoe deodorizer.
Solution: Bake shoes outside in shade.
Goal: Protect fragile plates during move.
Solution: Stick coffee filters around plates.
Goal: Prevent rust on kitchen tools.
Solution: Tape salt packets inside kitchen drawers.
Goal: Practicing a new skill
Solution: Break down complex actions into smaller parts
Goal: To make a dustpan when you don't have one readily available.
Solution: Use an empty gallon of milk. Cut out the corner of the bottle that’s attached to the bottom, plus the top and you have a DIY dustpan.
Goal: How to make orange Marmalade white Chocolate Fantasy fudge at home.
Solution: Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce White chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract.  When mixes swirl 3/4 cup Orange seeds through the mixture, leaving visual trail of jam.  Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
Goal: how to make chicken and waffles
Solution: Mix chicken salad with some sliced grapes and chopped walnuts. Spoon onto toasted mini whole-wheat waffles
Goal: Who is the husband of the queen
Solution: The prince is married to the queen
Goal: To pay a bill online
Solution: Register for an online account at the company you're paying a bill with. Click on the option to view your bill online.  Then click on Make A Payment.  Enter your personal information, such as your name, address and phone number, then click on Pay Now.
Goal: What supplies are needed to make photo frames from old CDs?
Solution: Old CDs        Crafting Paper        Pencil        Scissors        Glue
Goal: How do you harvest the leaves off of a Yucca plant?
Solution: Bend the leaf up so the base of it lies flat on a rock. Slice it horizontally across the base to detach the leaf from the plant.
Goal: To cut the lemon,
Solution: take chef's knife, place the lemon in front of you on a cutting board, and slice into the middle.
Goal: How to keep sand in sandbox cool during the summer.
Solution: Place a clear plastic tarp over sandbox when not in use.
Goal: To send a child home on an airplane without you,
Solution: teach them how to navigate the airport alone.
Goal: how to make a sandcastle wall
Solution: You'll need lots of sand and plenty of water, mix well. Using buckets, bowls, cups and anything else you may have fill them with sand and ensure it is like soup mix. Then turn over and empty, continue doing this to build your castle wall
Goal: What clothing is best for summer for women
Solution: The best thing to wear is shorts or a sun dress
Goal: How do I prepare laundry?
Solution: put all dirty clothes in a basket and load them into the washer
Goal: shoe
Solution: submerges in milk 
Goal: How do I know how much salt to add to the boiling water?
Solution: When cooking noodles the water should be salted to resemble  the taste of seawater in order to impart flavor to the noodles.
Goal: kitchen towel
Solution: can be cut with vise grip 
Goal: Find real reviews before buying item.
Solution: Read the 5 star reviews.
Goal: How to make noodles.
Solution: Mix semolina flour with eggs and water until a dough, then cut noodles and boil in water.
Goal: To put icing on top of cake,
Solution: put icing onto the side of a knife and slide it along the surface until covered.
Goal: how to make home cooked food taste like restaurant food
Solution: Butter, shallots, stock, salt, and acid are the secret ingredients that make restaurant food taste so delicious
Goal: how do you use syrup?
Solution: pour it over pancakes, waffles or french toast.
Goal: To get rid of fleas on dogs
Solution: Bathe your dog with a good flea & tick shampoo.  Apply a flea treatment that's vet recommended, usually a leash, powder, or liquid treatment.  Wash your dog and your dog's bedding frequently to prevent reinfestation.
Goal: how to clean stove burners
Solution: pop them off, and let soak for six weeks in a container of amonia
Goal: how do you get a spare of something?
Solution: get four of the same thing
Goal: What items do you need to make rag curls?
Solution: You will need: 1) Old t-shirt or fabric 2) Scissors 3) Mousse or gel 4) Brush 5) Comb and 6) Hair clips
Goal: How do you step tea?
Solution: Place a teabag in a mug, pour cold water into the mug, wait for 4-5 minutes.
Goal: To separate egg whites and egg yolks.
Solution: The best way to separate eggs for baking is to: Start with cold eggs, Crack them on the counter, (cracking on the side of the bowl tends to create more shattered pieces) Strain out the yolk through your fingers and place in separate bowls. Remove any shell debris with a napkin.
Goal: how to make juice grooves on a wood board
Solution: use a cnc router
Goal: How do you get the sugary texture for health sour patch grapes?
Solution: Dip the wet grapes directly into the jello powder mixture and leave it.
Goal: tack
Solution: can be use to secure pole to the wall
Goal: How to clean a dishwasher.
Solution: Place a dishwasher safe bowl on the top rack of an empty dishwasher. Fill the bowl with white vinegar. Close the dishwasher and run a complete wash cycle on the coldest setting.
Goal: To seal leather for furniture,
Solution: place the leather on a work surface, pour a small amount of Neatsfoot oil onto the leather, rub the oil into all parts of the leather with a sponge, and allow the leather to dry overnight.
Goal: Make lemonade
Solution: Fill a glass about 3/4 full with water. Using freshly squeezed lemon juice or bottled juice, add 1-2 tablespoons to the water. Sweeten with sugar or non-caloric sweetener to taste. Add ice and enjoy!
Goal: how do you frost a cupcake?
Solution: use a knife to spread the frosting over the top and sides of the cupcake.